And so, if you look at Koch, like macro, um high level, one of the largest private companies um in the country. Today, we touch the majority of the economy, as I mentioned, and operate in about 60 countries. Um 145,000 employees um and growing. I would say the biggest differentiator of Koch and why we've been able to grow now over 10,000x since the early '60s is because of >> Ladies and gentlemen, we have a very special treat today. I'm going to sit down with Chase Koch. He's a member of the Koch family, which owns Koch Industries. They're one of the largest private companies in America. Chase recently wrote a book with his father, Charles. It's called Becoming a Principle-Driven Leader, 41 Principles to Build an Enduring Business. In this conversation, Chase and I go through what is it like to build Koch Industries? How do they apply these 41 principles? What exactly can you use these principles
to transform your life, your business, and broader society? This conversation is fascinating because it takes us behind the scenes. We understand not only the business deals that they've done, the failures that they've had, but also how they apply these principles in their business, in their investments, and into technology. And I think that you're going to take away a lot from this conversation. It's one of my favorite conversations I've had on the podcast in a very long time. Chase is an incredible person and it's very fun hanging out with him. And so, here's my conversation with Chase Koch. All right, Chase. I thought a great place to start is Koch Disruptive Technologies. I think it's kind of been your baby inside of the organization. And really, it to me is a microcosm of so much of the principles that has made this business amazing. What was the original idea for creating this Disruptive
Technology Group? >> Well, the original idea, we hadn't really we had dabbled in venture capital back in the early 2000s, but we went away from it. But, this was 2016-2017, and it started with, like, where my passion was, really. Um and I've always been kind of cut out of this cloth of innovation and this principle that we actually talk about in our book called creative destruction. Which is Joseph Schumpeter's principle of you've got to disrupt yourself from within, otherwise the market will do it to you and you'll become a dinosaur. And I've since I was a little kid, I always wanted to be working on the next thing, the next curve. Not like what was right in front of me. And I've been working in the operating businesses since I was 15 years old. And so again, back 2016-17, this is when technology really started taking off and reshaping industries and I was in our ag business at the time
in our fertilizer business. And I saw an opportunity to well, first of all, I saw what technology was doing to our value chain. And there were two companies and two founders that really kind of rocked me back and I was like something is happening to ag and we need to be paying attention. We we need to understand the creative destruction that's happening in our industry. One was Climate Corp, which was David Friedberg who ended up, you know, really looking at data science for the first time in agriculture and looking at weather data, looking at soil data and he built a company around that and sold data analytics to farmers. And I remember having a relationship with him because we were we were working on actually swapping data. I was working on enhanced efficiency fertilizers and the uptake of nitrogen for farmers and how to optimize that so they could do more with less. And he was all the
data science behind it. So we started working on doing data exchanges to help each other. And then he calls me one day and says, "Actually Monsanto just bought the company." I was like, "You're just getting started. You got like 10 to 20 million in revenue, you know? And he said, "Yeah, but they paid me $1.1 billion for it." And that was like the first shot across the bow, I think, in technology and agriculture, and that just woke me up. >> Because you were like, that's crazy they paid so much money for a company that >> it was that, but also just the wake up of the the value that was being created with data science. And we hadn't really been focused on that. And so, that one and then another friend of mine, Amol Deshpande, that created a Farmers Business Network, which was basically the model of the Amazon of agriculture, and being able to go direct to farmer, and some of the some of the
the services that he was providing, I thought was really, really interesting. And he could only do that because of the technology where the technology was going to enable that business model. So, I just basically went to the team and went to Koch leadership and said, "We have to be a part of these companies." We had because that is going to enable us to see what is going to disrupt our core business with our our nitrogen production assets and our global trading business. Um but I'll also just be a part of that next curve, whatever it's going to be. And so, that was the birth of Koch Disruptive Technologies. We started looking at it from just an ag perspective, but we talked as a leadership team, we said, "If we're going to really invest in companies like Climate Corp and Farmers Business Network, we should be doing that across all of Koch." So, what are the companies that are going to disrupt
Koch long-term, and we need to see those early, and we need to actually have skin in the game and invest on invest in them in a meaningful way. And so, that was the birth of of Koch Disruptive Technologies. But, I would say back to the principles at play and why I wanted to do that. One, I talked about creative destruction and how important that is for the future of Koch, but two, the mutual benefit. And that I felt that we could offer Koch as a laboratory because we Koch touches the majority of the economy. We're like 80% of the various industries where because we're very very broad. And so when you look at that from a technology founder's perspective, so that you know many imagine a software company they want to sell to all these industries, right? So to to be able to have one phone call into Koch and be able to sell 10 different operating companies across the economy, that's pretty valuable
to a you know a new startup. And so we can help them as a customer like that, as a supplier, as a subject matter expert. We have 140,000 employees, we're in 60 countries. So I was like that is a laboratory for a founder. And so the benefit that we can we can bring them by being that capability provider, not just money and capital, but by by really bringing capability to them in a differentiated way. That was the benefit to them, but the benefit to us the mutual benefit side of that was we're going to see around corners and what in ways that other companies can't. >> What is Koch Industries? I think that's like a question you know I asked a couple of friends before we did this and I said what do you want to know? And that was probably the number one question was just like I know it's successful. I know it's you know the first or second largest private company in America. I know they do 125
plus billion dollars of revenue and this is like amazing thing. How? What what is it? Maybe let's start there. >> Yeah, well I mean I think because we're private that is that's probably the number one question because we don't we we don't report publicly. And I think also there's a learning there. You roll back the clock 15-20 years ago, we didn't do a good job of getting our story out. And so that's one of the reasons why I'm excited to hear to be here talking with you. It's like I I want to get the story out. Who is Koch? What What do we do? Why do we do it? What are our principles? Um and so if you look at Koch like macro, um high level, probably one of the largest private companies um in the country. Um my grandfather started the company um back the predecessor company to Koch back in the '40s. My father took over in in 1961. Today we touch the majority of the economy as I mentioned and
operate in about 60 countries. Um 145,000 employees um and growing. And um I would say the biggest differentiator of Koch and why we've been able to grow now over 10,000 X since the early '60s is because of our principle-based management framework um that my father basically kind of founded and with the help of many many um leaders at Koch really comes down to the empowering people from the bottom up with principles. Not top-down telling people what to do and the only way you can scale a company in our in our view and our in our experience is when you have a principle-based framework that you can empower people with, help them understand the principles, and let them run. >> It's interesting the way that we originally got connected was uh I read your father's uh one of his books uh Good Profit and I wrote this uh kind of notes that I took on it and um in the book uh he when he defines what
Good Profit is, this idea of actually being able to derive it based on these principles versus you know kind of political advantage or regulatory capture. Yeah. But the second piece that I think uh if I had to take one thing away from it and I've just almost like you know you you find like a a kindred soul, right? Or you find like somebody who has this idea and you're like, "Oh my god, I can't believe somebody else you know thinks this way." >> Yeah. >> Is he had gone back and he had studied all the great civilizations and basically said, "What made these civilizations or these economies work?" >> He did. >> And in the book he outlines, here's you know, a couple of core principles that he had identified. And then he's like, "Well, how do we take these and put them inside of a company?" And I don't think a lot of people think of a business the same way they think of an economy or a civilization.
Um but when I was reading about maybe your personal experience >> Yeah. >> sounds like he in that process also would sit you down every Sunday >> Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. >> give you, you know, a version of Sunday school but kind of the economic version. >> exactly right. Yeah, you want me to get into that? >> I would love to hear what was going on in these conversations. >> Yeah, it's it's fascinating and it's been such a journey for me as Charles Koch's son and I would say my sister would say the same. Um but you know, to your point, he studied he's so intellectually curious. He always wanted to know how does the world work and what drives human progress? And he studied everyone. This this is start of his, you know, mid to late 20s he got the bug and he just went down the the rabbit hole and read all the philosophers, Hayek, Von Mises, um Milton Friedman, you know, economics, philosophy, history.
But he also he studied, this is what I think a lot of people probably miss, he applied the scientific method to his own learning which means you try to disprove your hypothesis as much as you try to prove it. Um so I mean, he he he studied Mao, he studied Lenin, um uh Hitler and like what what how did why did they make the decisions that they did? But then you're right, from there understand these principles, good principles and bad principles, the ones that drove human progress and the ones that that um that made us go into into decline and then said, "Okay, um, now let's look at different countries. Why did Venezuela not succeed? And why did Chile as a comparison? Hong Kong versus China. North Korea, South Korea." And just studied that, um, and then pulled out the principles that drove the most human progress, your point, and then brought those into does this work inside a company? The
same principles of what has driven human progress, can they work inside a firm? And that was early '80s were the first experiments on what is now principle-based management. But as a kid, back to your point, um, I don't know, I must have been 10, 11 years old. My sister's 2 years older than me. Um, he wanted us to learn the same things that he was learning, that he was passionate about, so we'd have, um, Sunday philosophy, economics lessons. And you can imagine, like, my sister is a much better student, um, than I was. She's still way smarter than I am, but um, you know, she would be like kind of front of the classroom taking it all in and just Well, because he would he would quiz us every 15 minutes. Okay, what did I just talk about? There was always accountability, always. And I'd be there, you know, with my hat kind of pulled over my eyes, half asleep, you know, and I I'd be the Yeah,
the failing student um, in the in the philosophy course. Um, but what I would tell you, going from that as a kid, um, to when the light bulb actually went off, it was probably my late 20s. And it was I was running one of the uh, business units of the fertilizer business. I spent about a decade in our, um, Coke fertilizer. And I was running our international business and we were building a fertilizer terminal in Brazil. And Brazil's one of the biggest import markets. Agriculture is their their biggest industry. And I went in with a few other leaders very naively into Brazil thinking, "Oh, we're going to build this high-speed terminal. It's going to be great. Farmers are going to get their product faster. We're going to run a more efficient system at the port." It was in Paranaguá, Brazil. And I we spent a year working on this. And we got the deal done with a local partner. Very excited. We
thought we'd have the terminal built within 9 months. Ended up taking us 4 years. And so, you know, bureaucracy, red tape, protectionism, all the principles that my father like was telling me about when I was 10, 11, 12 years old. You don't get it until you actually live it. >> Experience it all. >> I experienced it myself. I felt it. I felt the pain of that. I felt the pain for those that worked, you know, in that value chain, the farmer, the terminal operators. And there like there's there's not progress. There's not innovation. There's not creative destruction if you put all these barriers around a business. It can't advance. It won't get better. And so, I lived that. And that's when I was like light bulbs going off. Mutual benefit. Openness. Creative destruction. You know, a number of other principles at play there. But then I was like, "Okay, I'm going to start to really pay attention.
I'm going to start to study this. I'm going to see how that applies to my job and my life." The other thing that was really interesting, I think, about, you know, my sister and I growing up in the family of Charles and Liz Koch was the focus on values and principles at the dinner table. So, yeah, there's the economics and the philosophy part of it. But just the accountability when he and amazingly he'd be home from work at 6:00 p.m. every He's building this amazing company, but his focus on developing us as kids was I look back on it now with you know, three kids myself. I'm like, how did you do that? Um but he did it and he did it by consistent consistency and accountability of values and principles. We'd come home at 6:00 he'd sit down and say, "Okay, what are the five things?" As love, courage, faith, honor, and loyalty. That was our you know, we were little kids, right? And um >> And
those [clears throat] were five like almost family >> are yeah, our value system that we started with. Now it would evolve over time into economic principles and that sort of thing. You know, >> A lot of a lot of fun. [laughter] >> A lot of fun. Let me tell you about good profit versus bad profit. But but the my point being is that um we'd sit down and Elizabeth and I would both have to articulate a story from that day on how we exemplified one of those principles. So I I share that because it's these principles they're not just business principles to to you know, build a great business. Um you can apply them to anything and everything. Non- You're building a non-profit. You're you're running a sports team. You're raising your kids. The these principles apply to everything and what was amazing about my father was his consistency to apply it to every I'd say consistency but also courage. >>
Mhm. >> Um because you know, I mean when he applied them more broadly outside of business, he caught a lot of hell for it. You know, um there's a lot of folks in the media that um pounded him for what he believed, but if you have courage and conviction over something that and you studied something about you know, what drives the most human progress over time and I want to help the most people that I can, you'll take the arrows for it. And and and that's what he did. And I I think this goes to why we we wrote this book. Um I think what the the the 41 principles and becoming a principle-driven leader that that we have in there, that's um is really a navigation tool for someone that's building a business or like I said, hopefully help them in every aspect of their life. Cuz we are living in a time of unprecedented uncertainty, whether it's economic uncertainty, whether it's, you know, are we
going to lose our jobs to AI, or a you know, a lot of divisiveness in our culture. Um we believe that a a clear principles framework doesn't have to be our 41. These are just the ones that have helped us the most. But if you don't have a clear framework or or tool set, how are you going to navigate all this uncertainty? If you don't, you're just going to blow with the wind, and like whatever what you know, especially the next generation, what what's trending, what's cool, what people are liking on social media. So, we feel like we got lucky with the timing of putting this out. Like we are in a time of unprecedented uncertainty. How do we get these principles out to as many people as we can to help them with that framework? >> You know, what's interesting is um "Tolerance is the virtue of those who don't stand for anything." is a a famous quote. And you know, you mentioned I think that your
father, but really the business, and I think you know, it's very obvious talking with you, um you almost start with like, what do you believe as an individual? And then what do you believe that a company stands for, which is just a collection of individuals? And then what does society stand for? And a lot of that divisiveness, etc., I think is um there's a clash of ideas right at the societal level which frankly I don't think that there is like a one-size-fits-all solution. People always disagree. They've disagreed for centuries. They will disagree well after we are all gone. >> Right. >> But at an individual level I'm always surprised that you know even if you're just interviewing a candidate for a job and you're like you know what what do you want to do with your life? Like the intentionality is you know sometimes not there or you know what type of company do you want to work at? And they're
kind of like you know one that pays me well. >> Yeah totally. Whereas I feel like you guys almost are so clear in what you individually believe and what a company believes that it does probably serve as a huge magnet for talent. You got 145,000 people that work for you. >> Yes. >> But I wouldn't be surprised if it actually repels away some people too. >> But my guess is that you guys aren't upset about that. Like it's kind of like hey we want the right people to come here and work here right? >> Yeah no I mean so one of our the principles that we have that we we really frame up and spend a lot of time on in the book is talent. And I would say you know one principle-based management is our our biggest competitive advantage that we have in the market. Um it's our operating system. I mean it's how we do business. And and one really critical element of that is our talent vision and how we apply
the principle of talent. And that is um we hire on values first skill second and credentials last. I would say that's one of our biggest differentiators as a company. >> What does that What does that mean like >> Well so so I'll give you some examples. So most companies I think are the opposite. Credentials first. >> Where'd you go to school? What companies you work at before? >> your GPA and all that? And we feel like all that's nonsense. I mean yes you have to have a gift. You have to have an intelligence that the company needs you know and fill a gap that we have but we look at it at it as we want someone that is contribution motivated. This is another principle in the book. Very very important. Someone's contribution motivated, they want to come in, they don't think they know everything, they're humble, they're open to a challenge process, and that they it's all I call it like we want
the farm team kids. The kids that they didn't have to work on a farm, but they come with that grit and that value system of work ethic, and that they they've got to earn their position. They have to earn the money that they're you know, their base salary and their bonus. Just because they came from an Ivy League school and they have a 4.0 doesn't entitle them to anything, right? And so that has served us very very well, and honestly that's the one of the reasons why we like being in Wichita, Kansas, in the Midwest. Um and cuz we we feel like we have access to a lot of that talent, and some of these overlooked um universities maybe that some of the other big companies don't focus on. They're like we want the cream of the crop, the um the kids that have the work ethic that are contribution motivated, and um and bring them in. And and I again, I would say that is probably the biggest differentiator
that we have. I mean, it's all about your team, you know, we all know that. Um and it's who you hire, but also who you fire. >> Mhm. >> Um and you know, when you have people that come in that are the opposite of contribution motivated, and you're wrong. I mean, in in a company our we're wrong a lot. Hopefully our numbers are getting better in terms of how many times we miss this, but if you hire someone that's more destructively motivated or deficiency motivated and comes in with that entitlement mindset or victim mentality, or even worse yet destructively motivated where it's all about power and control. Um if my father were here, he would say the biggest failures that we've had um across the company is where we let a destructively motivated leader, really smart individual, end up being at the top of the company and we leave them there too long. >> Mhm. >> Because what that does to the culture
of the entire cuz everyone looks at the leader. >> They need to wait. >> Right? Everyone looks at the leader and a reflection of the leader's behaviors and um the expectations of the leader and how he or she holds themselves. So everything downstream of a destructively motivated leader is going to be a problem. Right? It takes years to clean that up. So uh it was interesting. We had our board meeting last week and I was looking around the room. We have 12 different business units. And um five of the 12 were basically I call them kids, but kids that I grew up with when I came back from what I graduated from Texas A&M and then came back in and was finding my way around Coke. These were um you know, uh young guys that I worked with. They were right out of school, 21 to 24 years old and they're now running five of the 12 businesses at Coke. So that speaks just to our our talent model. >> Mhm.
>> It's like it um not only values first, skills second, credentials last, but then once they're in, if they make a contribution, there's no corporate ladder. >> Mhm. >> They can go from this business to that business, running supply chain to being CEO of a company. >> Mhm. >> Um I'll give you one example. Um the gentleman that I worked with in business development when we bought Georgia-Pacific back in 2005, largest acquisition we at Coke has ever done, still to this day. Um I think he was 20 years old, 21, and he was the lead finance and an analysis on that entire acquisition at at 21. And now he's the CEO of Guardian Glass, which is a global glass manufacturer. I'm just like looking around the room going, this is a it's amazing. It's an incredible story. And like looking at the boardroom was a reflection of our talent model. >> Today's episode is brought to you by Figure Markets. All right,
everyone, who wants a slice of $160,000? Our partner Figure's running a promo where they're giving back to their community. From July 27th to August 27th, any user who has never completed a crypto-backed loan with them can qualify for this giveaway. Check out the link in my bio for more information. We're living in a world of higher-for-longer rates, tighter credit, [music] and fewer places to earn real yield. That's why Figure is interesting. Figure's the largest non-bank HELOC lender in the United States with over $22 billion unlocked for homeowners. They're now applying that same concept and innovation to crypto-backed loans and real-world asset yield. If you're holding crypto, Figure lets you borrow against it at 8.91% interest, which is 9.999% APR with a [music] 50% loan-to-value, giving you liquidity without selling, without triggering taxes, and without stepping out of the market.
They use a decentralized MPC custody, so assets stay in segregated wallets, protected from rug pulls, and they've introduced liquidation protection to help manage downside volatility. >> [music] >> And for investors looking for yield, Democratized Prime offers up to 9% APY paid hourly, backed by real-world private credit, real cash flows, and not speculative token emissions. Figure is building a new capital market on blockchain, and now you have access to the upside. Check them out using the link below. >> When you're going through the like interview process, right? It it's um I think the way you get at like, what are your values is very unique. Cuz what you guys aren't screening for from at least my my understanding is like, you're not really like, "Hey, who's woke? Who's not?" Like, that's kind of like high-level, very simple stuff. But it's actually this like contribution mindset, right?
It's understanding almost of like, "Hey, do you understand what a comparative advantage is and how you implement it?" And and you know, the ability to do some of this. What are you doing in the interview to kind of suss this out? >> Um We're [clears throat] learning all the time, yeah. >> Yeah, and and I'm asking from the perspective of people who are watching this are, you know, people who run tech companies. They may be small business owners. Some of them may even be big business owners. And like, I think that's one of the big questions that people always have. It's like, "How do I get better at analyzing the person sitting across from me as to whether they will be a good fit for my company or not?" >> Well, and the the downside of getting that wrong is huge. Right? Just like we talked about, the wrong destructively motivated leader. Or if you miss on a hire, it basically costs you 2 years.
>> Mhm. >> Because you're going to wait 9 to 12 months to actually make a decision, give that person a chance, then it doesn't work out, go back into the market to try to refill that, you know, that role. That's that's another 6 months probably. And then there's another 12 months of development of that. And so, the real cost of a bad hire is significant. So, to your point, having a great capability on how you do that up front is is is a huge competitive advantage if you can figure it out. So, the way the way we do that is um I mean, each business has their own, you know, kind of HR capability. And the business leaders are responsible for their own process and how they do that. So, this is not a cookie-cutter approach. Um but what we try to apply is um a an interview-based model. Um well, I let me start with the the pipeline of talent as well. Back to where you What pond are you fishing in
matters. Right? And if you have a values-first mindset, you want to be fishing in the right pond that fits your business. So, we do that. Um but then the second thing is the interview process itself is we try to get a lot of different people that are skilled at different principles. So, whether it's respect, humility, challenge process, um innovation and creative destruction. Um you may be very good at the you know, asking questions around innovation and how thoughtful they are. Give me examples when you've you know, transformed a product or a system, a process, improved a plant, whatever. Um but I may be better at sussing out um whether it's humility or integrity or respect and some of these very squishy kind of subjective um principles. So, what we try to do is get a team of seven or eight people to all hit, you know, basically hit the interview process from different angles. And then we
have like a 360 review process where you know, everyone raise their hand, would you um would you hire this person or not and why? And give give me the examples that you went through on why you're confident this individual is strong on the values side. It's a lot more about the values than the actual skills. >> Interesting. >> Um because we believe once you get them in, if their contribution motivated and they have the right raw material to learn, that they can come in and learn and we can teach them. Um we take a little and this is also like you have to take it's long-term thinking versus short-term thinking even on the talent development side. So, um that's what I would say is it and now what we're doing is applying AI to this. And so, we're working with a company called Happy Robot >> Okay. >> that is >> What a name. >> Yeah, yeah, exactly, [laughter] exactly. I can't explain why it's called
that. Um but it's it's pretty interesting. I just got a um kind of a a a a on this and some examples of how we're leveraging it cuz even when you're doing it at scale, I mean think about what I just described. That takes a lot of human capital and time and it's the most important decision you make who you're going to bring into the company, but if you can complement that with artificial intelligence and automate some of these things to where the top of the filter, you're getting to who are the contribution motivated people these candidates and these are the top 10 of the 100 that we've talked to, you can make it a lot more efficient and hopefully improve your your batting averages as well. >> Yeah, when I was at Facebook, the product manager interview track is very similar. They have three people who interview. One is more of a technical interview, one's more kind of an analytics interview
and then one is just pure company culture interview. They do not tell the candidate, you know, who's doing what and then afterwards, I forget the exact details, but I think it was all three have to go into the room and has to be at least two strong hires and no one can be a you know, weak to to strong no hire. >> Yeah. >> And when you're like going through the interview process, you're kind of just like, hey, I'm talking to these people, you know, I'm meeting whatever. Then we're on the other side. >> Yeah. >> Like, oh, this is way more analytical. This is way more intense than I thought. You know, how the hell did I get in here? >> Yeah, it's almost like when you're doing the interview, ignorance is bliss. >> Yeah, you don't want to know. 100% 100%, but you know, one of the things that I I think is really interesting is you mentioned AI and you know, we started the conversation with these
disruptive technologies, but I think when most people think of Coke Industries, they think of the very hardcore agricultural stuff and it's probably things that they historically have with the business. I think I understand that you guys are starting to push in like from an actual product standpoint and service standpoint, you guys are starting to touch more of like the AI industry and it's related from a capability perspective, probably not industries that people would expect you guys to be showing up in. >> Yeah, absolutely. I would say there's a big misperception and then started there, So, I'm glad you came back to this of what of who Koch is. A lot of people think of Koch as like where we started as a, you know, a large private industrial company. >> I thought you were out pumping [clears throat] oil yourself. >> Well, I did [laughter] do a lot of that. I had all the teenage jobs every
summer working in refineries and feed yards and gas liquids plants. So, I cut my teeth on that. That is true. But if you look Koch today, I mentioned we touched the majority of the economy. We're in everything from wood products to glass manufacturing to agriculture. Um, but we're more of a technology company than an industrial company. Um, I think that's a better framing for what reality is today. We've spent We've invested 50 billion over the last eightish years. And those are um, two ex- two >> In technology, sorry. Um, and two examples would be that are two of our, I would say, 12 different business platforms that we have are just pure technology companies. One would be Infor. Um, that um, that's actually um, has been based here in New York City. But that's ERP software, right? So, when we acquired Infor, that was that brought us north of 30,000 software engineers overnight. So, you can
imagine from a capability lens what that did to teach us technology and how we should be applying um >> W- Why would Koch buy an ERP software platform? Like again, you know, oil, hay, cattle. >> said it in your question, capabilities. Um, we recognized that we were behind in software and how our businesses were running. And we we had some old, you know, a lot of different software systems that were kind of um, holding some of the companies together with bubble gum and bailing wire. Just we were under-invested there. So, I think when the Infor opportunity came around, um we saw that that could be a new capability for Koch. Not just a new business, but it could teach the rest of the companies about um how to run a business more efficiently, how to understand our customer better, how to have better analytics um in our supply chain, right? And so, that's kind of getting into our business development
approach as well. And if if you look at if you look at the history of Koch, that I think this could be helpful to your audience as well. Um and the evolution of it. One of the biggest differentiators was our application of the principle capabilities. So, how did Koch go from being a small southern Oklahoma crude oil gathering company to one that touches the majority of the economy? A lot of people are like, "Well, how does all that make sense?" And it is these principles that we're talking about, but one in particular is capabilities. We have looked at the growth of Koch through the lens almost like of horizontal capabilities as opposed to vertical industries. So, when you think about business that way of like, "Where where am I strongest? What have I demonstrated to customers where I can add unique value and build competitive advantage?" Koch started around um engineering, uh heavy operations.
So, you know, refiners, pipe refineries, pipelines, um things that required significant investment that were that were difficult to operate. We had a strong capability there. And then trading and logistics. We're pretty good at moving product from product from point A to point B and really optimizing that for the customer. So, when you combine those three things, those were our core capabilities that we looked at and said, "Okay, instead of well, we want to get bigger in pipelines. We want to go from whatever 20% market share to 40% market share or the same in refining where where we started." We looked at it and said, "Where can we apply those three capabilities across other industries that are maybe slightly depressed where we can get in at a reasonable valuation, test and learn and bring those capabilities horizontally into new industries?" Whether it that was in fertilizers and agriculture.
Like we we we got into that in rough 2003 buying farmland out of bankruptcy. Um Georgia-Pacific 2005 wood products. How do How does pipelines and refineries relate to that? Well, those three capabilities I described, we could bring that value to wood products. We could bring that to agriculture. So, I would say um that's a very different way to look at business business development where you want to grow because a lot of companies and I think public companies fall into this trap as well. It's just how do I just get more market share in my vertical industry whereas we look at it horizontally. >> I I've heard your dad Charles and you both talk about this where this like capability component it almost prevents you from thinking of we're an oil company. We're a you know, agriculture business. It's very much hey, we're really good at moving things. >> Yeah. >> [laughter] >> That's right. What
else can we move? That's it. >> And I think that some of the great have done that and you know, you can even look at something like a Berkshire. Like what is their competitive advantage? It's like they're really good at allocating capital. And it kind of doesn't matter what the underlying business is. They're in everything from candy to you know, Apple. Right? But but they're really good at understanding business and underwriting you know, risk and downside and then allocating capital. You guys I think do that. But what I think people probably don't understand is a lot of these opportunities my understanding is some of them are offensive where you guys are going out. But you guys also have become so large and so well respected that I think you guys get a lot of phone calls. >> Yes. >> And people are like, "Hey, you know, there's this thing in bankruptcy, you know, are you guys interested?"
Or um yes, it sounds like maybe even the ERP software was more of like somebody brings it to you rather than you guys are hunting for ERP software. >> Yeah. >> And so having that framework of like, we know what we stand for, we know kind of what we want to be in, we understand what our capabilities are, but we also understand where we're weak, when these opportunities come up, I'm assuming it makes the decision-making much like more efficient in terms of do we want to spend time on this or not? >> It it does. Um but we are a lot of people would think, "Okay, we've got some five-year plan to grow the company, in which industries we want to be in." We're uh much more reactive and opportunistic. And so Molex is a great example of this. Um we we acquired Molex in 2013. Molex is one of the largest connector um companies in the world, connectors and cables. Um they're in everything from your iPhone
to um uh healthcare devices. They've got a you know, whole healthcare with Philips Medisize. They're in um automobiles as well with as um autos have They're basically computers on wheels. Um and then we're in data centers as well, the connectors and the cabling. So, um when we when we got that opportunity, and that was owned by the Krehbiel family, and that was a public company for 30, 40 years. But the Krehbiel family had um um majority control over that, but they wanted to um they didn't have a succession plan. And they wanted the ability to maintain the brand and the legacy over time, and look at a company that that would would continue to invest in it, and would could be a would be a great long-term home. So, that opportunity came about because I think we had built that brand over time. And the Molex story is amazing because we we ended up acquiring that. Um we convinced the Krehbiel
family that Koch would be a good home for it. We acquired it. And but we didn't know a lot of we know anything about cabling and connectors at the time. But we have a team that is within the Koch equity development team that is excellent at um analysis, you know, looking at industries, but also being a capital solution provider. And understanding the you know, the family in terms of what are their goals and then how do we wrap a capital solution around that? There's a lot of different examples that that we've done there in family-owned businesses specifically. Um but with Molex, we looked at that and that team said like look this the future is IoT. Like this room, right? It's it's going to be connected. There's going to be data so you can optimize it whether it's a plant, a product, um IoT is is a wave of the future and we don't really understand that. That is a capability gap for Koch. So
when you look at the mutual benefit of the Molex deal um we could help the Krehbiel family, but they could help us by getting into IoT, but then applying our principles to that to help it grow, stay private, can you know, um get into new areas like like data centers that that we got into. And that's that's been one of the most interesting stories I think of any acquisition um that we've done. Um I there's there's more I could say there, but um I would say when we bought that, one of the most important principles uh was changing paradigms. Because as a public company going private and going from top-line thinking and worrying about revenue and revenue growth to bottom-line value creation. And a more and then also shifting from there was a lot of top-down I would say, decision-making as well, where we've we've tried to move that culture over time to bottom-up empowerment. And um it's a case
study in terms of transforming the return on capital of a business with principles. And so there's more I could say there, but both on the business like how we think about growth at Coke, that's a great example, filling a capability gap with technology. Um but then also having to change a paradigm culturally within the organization. >> So how do you take a business let's use this example or another business. You acquire the business, they're giving you the business and selling it to you because reputation, you've got the capital, you understand what they need, etc. But then I'm assuming that the operating principles and the operating, you know, kind of day-to-day tempo is very different, especially for a public company versus going to private, top-line revenue versus profit-oriented. And you said something to me one time which I just keep thinking about is like the holy grail of every business
owner is what if your people knew what to do without you having to tell them? >> [laughter] >> I was like, oh, this guy if he can if he can teach people to do that, that'd be amazing. >> Yeah. >> But like how how do you implement or get to that end result with whether it's Molex or another business that you guys acquire? Because I think it's different. If you're starting a company, you get a hand pick, okay, here's the people we're going to put into it. They already come with our operating principles, they already understand how we do things. That's the DNA of the company from day one is Coke. >> Yeah. >> It's different when you buy a company and you bring it in. Now you almost have to, you know, kind of change the plane or build a plane while you're in midair. And so you're trying to get all of the people now have to go from maybe top-down leadership to, no, you're going to know what to
do without us telling you what to do. >> Yeah. >> But we're not going to change many of the people. >> Yeah, I mean your statement is right on. And when people have never heard of Coke, never heard of principle-based management, I always say, imagine a business where people at scale, people know what to do without being told. Um and then people are like, "Well, that's that sounds wild, right?" Just like your reaction to me on that. But, um to be clear, that's a vision. That's not reality. Um but, you have to start with like what what is the culture that you're aspiring to have? And so, if if if you have that as a mindset, then you truly have you're moving towards bottom-up empowerment as opposed to top-down control and dependency. Cuz let's let's take the the other side of that, where you have the smartest guy in the room, the the leader that is setting all the strategies, that is making
all the big calls, and then telling the 10 the 10 other leaders around the table, you do this, you do that, you need to go get this customer, and that. You're missing out on all of the knowledge downstream of that leader. To empower those other 10 leaders to say, "You're closest to the opportunity. You're closest to the customer. You're closest to the problem. Um go figure out and innovate the best way to create the most value." Um I'll give you an example of this. Like, my And so, this is my father's approach. And as we talked about before, it kind of the culture is downstream of the leader. Like, you you you know, if if my father ran Coke top-down, and he wanted to make every decision, well, you're going to have that throughout all the supervisors um within Coke. But, his approach is more my comparative advantage is um around these abstract concepts and principles, and how do I teach leaders
this to carry it into the business, and then let them run, right? So, um the rest of the leaders see that and are like, "Oh, wow. I have permission. He's empowering me. Now, I have permission to empower my people. Am I running my business top-down? Am I telling everyone what to do? Am I acting like the smartest guy in the room? And so that has is I think one of the I'd say the the biggest differences culturally. But to your point, doing an acquisition and where you bring in one that was run more from top-down and there's a lot of dependency on the leader to make call the shots. It takes years. It takes many many years to do that. But I mean you have to change out talent. You got to get the right leaders in the right roles. But I think once you have the leaders that really have a principle-based approach, you see the results almost immediately. >> Mhm. >> And and also the results from the
water cooler talk in the company. What do the employees really say about their Do they Do they love what they're doing? Are they self-actualizing? Do they feel like they're empowered? Do they have the flexibility to innovate? And so but but yeah, growth is a challenge from an acquisition standpoint. >> I don't know why I never thought of this before, but um do you think that Charles got some of this idea because his father, your grandfather, said to him, "Come back and run the company and you can do whatever you want except for you got to get my permission to sell it." >> I mean Fred Fred leading by example there. >> Mhm. >> I mean he said, "Come back and run Koch Engineering." And he knew my dad didn't have a lot of experience in it. But and he started him on a really hard business. >> Mhm. For for context for those that don't know, um Fred Koch is uh >> My my grandfather. >> And he had
Koch Engineering. Your father, Charles, >> That's right. >> probably was not that interested in coming and running the business. And basically your grandfather convinced him to come back by saying, "Here's the keys to the kingdom. It's not a huge business, but you know, it's we got something that started. That's it. Go knock yourself out. Do whatever you want except for sell the company." >> Yeah, I mean a case in point, this was a time where when he came in my father came into the company, and my grandfather asked him to do that, there was only 300 employees at Coke. Today, I mentioned there's 145,000, so I remember my first job, I was 15 years old, I was employee 8,548. And so, to we >> Who's counting? >> Yeah, yeah, [laughter] right. But, I it just it goes to we've seen so much in terms of the both failures and successes of the company, and I just high-level message, um you know, from
the book and all the learnings and all the stories that we tell, we learn a hell of a lot more from failure than we do success. >> It's interesting this idea of failure because, um, one of the themes that I take out of multiple books I've read now, I think even actually I've read some of the book, I don't know if you know this, I've read some of the books that I would say the critics have written, and I always like reading, um, you know, there's a book that was written about, um, one of the Murdochs, right? There was a book that was written about Peter Thiel, and it's like very much like the negative slant. And what I find interesting about them is like, one, you kind of get both sides of the story, right? But, the, um, anecdotes from the critics are always like the most absurd kind of things, whatever. >> Sure. >> But, throughout every single book, one through line, and even in some of the
public commentary, is we almost went bankrupt. We almost went bankrupt. And it's like, you know, Purina, and like we can go through like maybe there's four or five of these examples that are constantly talked about. And so, like, how much of the success that the business has today was you had to be willing to take the risk of almost putting the business out of, you know, almost going out of business in order to drive, you know, 10,000 or 10,000 X growth? >> Yeah, well, we didn't have to make those dumb decisions. >> [laughter] >> Um, but what what the way we describe it is that we learned a lot from those failures, and we we we learned what principle we missed um or probably set of principles that we missed um to basically dig ourselves out of the ditch and and transform and started applying the principles. So Purina is a great example and we tried to basically um in the the ag world basically
be part of the entire value chain. It was called the gas to bread spread. Everything we were bringing pulling natural gas out of the ground to make the nitrogen that was then planted to to um to grow the food and then pizza crusts on the the the you know the the um at the grocery store. And uh what you realize is that we we had very quickly in a short period of time completely violated almost all of our principles. Um where are your true capabilities? Where can you add value? We violated experimental discovery. We plunged into things and made huge bets without really understanding them. And um yeah, I mean like that Purina was bankrupt the day we bought it because we didn't do we didn't apply the scientific method, another one of our principles, to the diligence process and said, "What are all the reasons we should not do this deal?" And so when you have that mindset and everyone's full board,
we got to get this deal done. We got to be have this whole gas to bread spread vision, then what you're going to do is like look the other way on some of the diligence. And so we find ourselves day one out of the you know um that we acquired a bunch of out of the money hog contracts that were hundreds of millions of dollars under underwater. So I mean just think about two principles I went through there. Where are your true capabilities? Focus on that. Don't try to overgrow into all these different value chains that that you have no business being in. But then also um experimental discovery. Um it's okay to Um, but make a responsible sized bet that is basic you know, that is close to or equal to the size of your knowledge. >> Mhm. >> Right? And we talk about failure as it's not a failure if you're really driving experimental discovery and the value of the learning exceeds the the the cost
of the loss or the failure. >> Mhm. >> And so I think that's being a private company, thinking very long-term. If you're worried about, you know, it's like we got a little red ink in the next 3 months, you're not going to be driving those experiments. Right? And so we try to have a very robust experimental discovery culture um, to where every capability, every individual, every business, they're coming to the quarterly business reviews with here's where I'm experimenting, here's where I'm innovating and they're not beat down because they're like, "Hey, we we shut this experiment down and this one and this one." It's like, "Well, what did you learn? How are you going to apply that to your future strategy?" >> Today's episode is brought to you by Arch Public. Arch Public has just expanded its agentic trading platform beyond crypto. So pay attention, this is a big one. Now, they are automating
strategies across stocks, commodities and ETFs and I think that this is going to be huge. You can now automatically take profits when one market hits new all-time highs and rotate that capital into other markets showing more [music] opportunity. Whether you're rotating capital into AI stocks, gold, if you're investing in the S&P 500 or accumulating Bitcoin, Arch Public brings real discipline and automation to your investment strategy. Additionally, they've launched a powerful new tax loss harvesting tool. With crypto being so volatile and its exemption from the wash sale rule, Arch Public can offset gains with losses without compromising your long-term positions. It's exactly what every serious investor does. Institutional grade automation that works across every major asset class. There's no more emotional trading, no more missing tax opportunities, just smarter, hands-free execution of
your preferred strategies. Go to archpublic.com right now. Connect with their team, set up a time, bring your account in if you'd like, then you can learn what automated trading can do for you. archpublic.com Today's episode is brought to you by Uphold. Are you someone who's tired of juggling multiple apps just to trade, earn, stake, or spend your crypto? Then listen up because Uphold does all of that in one single unified platform. You can access 300-plus crypto and fiat currencies with an interface that works for you, whether you're a beginner or an expert. Uphold also features any-to-any swaps where you can swap crypto to fiat, fiat to metals, and tokens to tokens directly in the app. If you prefer self-custody, Uphold's vault gives you multi-sig security, key recovery, direct trading access, and peace of mind without giving up convenience. Uphold is also 100% reserved, meaning no fractional
practices, and proof of reserves are updated every 30 seconds so you can verify your assets anytime. For US users, you can even earn yield on dollars with a USD interest account. No fees, no minimums, and funds are insured up to $2.5 million through the Atomic [music] Cash Sweep Program. If you want one app for your entire digital asset life, check out uphold today. Go to uphold.com [music] to learn more. uphold.com Go check them out today. I read a book about talked a lot about legacy, and one of the things that it talks about is, you know, the rise of meritocracy has a lot of benefits. >> Yeah. >> But there are certain examples throughout history where actually meritocracy is a negative. And one of the example he uses like take a farmer. If you're like the fifth generation farmer, you're not like, "Who's the single best farmer who can go get 10% better yield out of this farm?" You're like,
"Hey, I want this to continue to provide for my kids and grandkids and great-grandkids, etc." And so like you train your kids to take this thing over. >> Yeah. >> When it comes to failure, do you have an advantage because there's this element of like you are part of the Coke family and if somebody else was, you know, in that disruptive technology, like in a weird way 6 months, 9 months, 12 months, 2 years of losses, like at some point do they kind of get whacked, right? It's like, "Hey, this isn't working." But almost in a weird way, maybe there's some genius to, you know, you and and your father, etc., saying like, "No, let's put the person who actually [snorts] has the intestinal fortitude to be able to see this very long term and know that the losses are going to come early in disruptive technology." Like, is that an advantage? >> I mean, I think the outcome of that could be that wasn't
part of the thought process. It was just more of there's a market opportunity. We need to be in venture to see if the you're talking Coke disruptive technologies and why I started that and that line aligned with my comparative advantage and my passion of what I could where I could add the most value. >> positioned to do it from your interest. >> yeah. Now, I'm not running that anymore um because it had been built up and it was growing and it was in a position where I know my where my weaknesses are. You know, you mentioned like you know, I don't know if we're happy about our failures or how but I learned a hell of a lot from being in roles that I shouldn't have been cuz what I realized is I'm a builder, not an operator. I'm not not a good operator. >> And what is what you've said this a couple times I've seen. Like, what what is the difference between those in your mind? >> Um I would say
I'll just give you concrete examples of different roles that I've had. I was I spent I mentioned I spent a decade in our fertilizer business and I had a lot of different roles. I learned everything from supply chain to sales, marketing, accounting of it and then ultimately there was an opportunity my boss came to me and said, "Hey, I'm going to go build an energy with this fertilizer business. You take You've been in the fertilizer business for 7, 8 years now. You're the right one to take this over. It's like the third largest profit driver in Koch. So, what an incredible opportunity. Um but that I mean this was a complicated business. Uh production assets and you know, all of we we had one of the the largest positions in North America to make and trade nitrogen. We had a global business to trade nitrogen, phosphate, potash. And so, we operated in 30 countries in this business, 4, 5,000 employees.
And uh it was incredible opportunity for me, but very quickly I realized that operating a day-to-day business and running a a really large team was not my bag. >> Mhm. >> And um there was someone that was much better at it than me. And um and so, when you think this is the principle of comparative advantage. And I think being intellectually honest to where is your real gift and also where is it not. And what is that gift relative to everyone else on the team? That's that's the real important part within comparative advantage. And um by you being in a role, what is the trade-off relative to what someone else can do? But also what you could be doing. And these are it's it sounds like really basic. Uh I think sports teams apply this really well. The quarterback versus the wide receiver. It's like obvious who should be in what role. But for whatever reason in business, it's more challenging to
truly apply comparative advantage. You've got egos that get in the way. You want the big title. I feel like I have to have hundreds of people reporting to me and that's my status and I've really made it if I have that job. We think all of that is BS. And I'm like living proof of that because I had that job and I realized that I'm much better at networking, business development, origination. Um like looking around >> one. The zero to one is much more your >> And and so, that's what I mean. by not a good operator, much better builder. >> And so it took me, you know, until I was late 30s to realize that, early 40s. >> Mhm. >> Um, and but you realize through failure at different roles that to find that out and then and then be in the right role, go figure out what the right role is for you. You can you can create a lot of value. And oh, by the way, the fertilizer business is going to be run by
someone that is a great operator. >> Mhm. >> So >> [clears throat] >> I I find this uh is pretty common, I think, especially in people who are interested in technology. It it's such a disruptive, fast-paced, like dynamic environment that um they're constantly looking at what is the new technology now, what is coming, how can I be disrupted? Like like they're just a a personality and a mindset and is very different than the person who's like um maybe a Warren Buffett who's like, "I'm betting on things that don't change." >> Yeah. >> Right? Like that's a very different approach than the people who are looking for like, "What is the thing that is going to make a massive change?" And just naturally, if you were drawn to disruptive technologies then you know, it's kind of hard to have two sides of your brain that also is like, "I I also enjoy the things that will not change for 20 years." >> That's
right. I mean, one of our principles is it's Maslow's principle of self-actualization. And I think it's so important. You can't um you you have to talk about self-actualization through the lens of comparative advantage. Like in my story in realizing what I wasn't good at relative to others and what I was good at relative to others. And that that's how Coke Disruptive Technologies was formed, basically out of the failure of me being president of Coke Fertilizer. >> Mhm. >> Um, so like >> at it as a failure? >> Um >> [clears throat] >> no, because of the value, the learning of like what I'm not good at relative to um because the business was still doing fine. We just looked at it across >> it's weird you use the word failure, right? It's like the business was still >> But failure relative to potential. >> Mhm. >> Right? Relative to what you could be doing. And so I think this is maybe an interesting
takeaway for your audience. If you really understand and apply the principle of comparative advantage on your team and you said, "Everyone is in the right role optimized around their gift relative to what everyone else on the team is doing instead of looking at your role in a vacuum." Think if Think if you do what it's a team of 10, team of 100, team of 100,000. >> Mhm. >> Right? If you had everyone in the right role, put all egos aside. Think of the value and the competitive advantage that you'd have. You would have You would field the best team um and kick everyone's ass. >> Mhm. >> Right? And And I think it's overlooked. And then to me that is the one of the most Even at Coke, right? If there's one that we could change the trajectory of our application and um like my my father always says, "Well, I'd score Coke on principle application at about four out of 10." >> Really? >> Yeah. >> Wait,
why? >> Because he always looks at it and says um once he sees the principles being applied the it's a the horizon keeps moving further. So the potential [snorts] is greater. So you're always a fourth. >> Yeah, yeah, yeah. >> It's always a fourth. >> going to get worried like the Godfather of principle-based management. >> It's a little bit tongue-in-cheek, but there's a lot of truth to that, too, because the more you apply the principles, the more potential you see. >> It's funny talking to you because out of the entire book comparative advantage is probably the thing that I, you know, grabbed hold of the most and was like, "This one principle can be applied everywhere." And I think that as an individual, as a company, it's very obvious, but even in society, right? If you think about over the last, I don't know, 100 years, the United States was really good at certain things and then we kind
of like gave some of those away and now we're trying to bring them back and we're thinking a lot about like, well, do we have a talent advantage? Do we have a capital advantage? Do we have certain manufacturing capabilities that others don't or you know, geography-wise we have a huge advantage of just two oceans and friendly neighbors, whatever. But I do think that that's probably one of the aspects that is most misunderstood about kind of the Coke enterprise, right? Is the same thing and you guys highlight this now. It's like you can transform yourself, you can transform a business or you can transform society. >> That's right. >> These 41 principles plus, you know, many others that probably didn't make it in the book, they can be applied at any scale and whether it's a two-person company or 100,000 person company is the same as you as an individual versus society. >> That's right. >> To
me, that's actually the value of the principles. >> I I I we definitely agree with that statement and kind of your takeaway from it and um, you know, as I as we began this interview, I I talked about that we live in unprecedented uncertainty as a society. And um, if you look at the next generation, like Gen Z in particular, um, I think there's a crisis of purpose. Um, and that there's there's so much focus in what other people like and where we fall into this collective illusion of, well, if I'm going to be accepted in society, I have to like whatever everyone else thinks. Well, the the mitigant to that kind of behavior and that thinking is having a very clear uh, framework of principles, right? So, you don't, back to what we're saying before, like blow with the wind. And so, but but going specifically to the principles in the society that I think we want, which is where the the country was
founded and and right there in the Declaration of Independence, is is principles like mutual benefit. Right? Um we want a society of mutual benefit where people win because they're helping others. >> Mhm. >> And if you think if if we're working together and I help you win and you want to help me win, well, the pie grows. >> Mhm. >> This isn't a zero-sum game that sadly so many people look at society through that lens. We need to go from um we need to go from zero-sum thinking to mutual benefit. If I help other others win, I'm going to win, too. We need to go from um tribalism and divisiveness to openness and empathy, putting yourself in someone else's shoes. We need to um go from We talked about bottom-up versus top-down. We have way too much top-down control and dependency. >> Mhm. >> Um I saw a stat um recently, a very disturbing stat, that 52% of Americans think that we can't solve our
own problems anymore. And that so the the government needs to come in and fix it. >> Mhm. >> Right? Whereas if you think of bottom-up and we believe in people that they are the solution because they're closest to the problems, then we can have a society of mutual benefit. We can remove barriers from the top-down and we can really advance the American dream and why so many people from all over the world want it have wanted to come to America to experience that. Go build a business, build a family, go build the next SpaceX that no one thought was possible. Um right? So, that's at a high level, at least how we see these principles that we're looking at and we apply that has grown Coke over 10,000 X. We can do you can do that across society, too, and drive the most human progress. >> As you're talking, um I don't think that you would uh consider yourself and hold yourself out as a Bitcoiner.
Right? I don't think I don't think that I don't think that Charles Koch's got, you know, a bag of Bitcoins somewhere, right? [laughter] But, what I do find very interesting is the like Bitcoiner mentality. And there's, you know, millions of these people. They're very, I think, individual sovereignty. They're very much, you know, I want to take control of my own life. I want to improve my situation for my family and and my kids, etc. I think that they have a strong belief in uh this kind of bottoms-up type approach of accountability, personal responsibility, etc. But, also I think that there is um maybe like forget even what the principles are, just a belief that like you have to know yourself and you have to stand for what you believe in. >> Yeah. >> Even if it's different than what other people believe in or your neighbor or whatever, just like knowing what your principles are is really,
really important and then having the courage and intestinal fortitude to stick to them. Forget, you know, whether it's Bitcoin, whether it's uh principles-based management, whatever. It's like the people I think I have respect the most in, you know, that I've interacted with, they have a set of principles that they have done the work to discover. And then they just say, "Look, we don't have to agree. This is what I believe. >> Yeah. >> And I think there's a lot of other people who agree with me and I want to go, you know, build my thing with people who see the world the same way I do." >> That's it. >> And that seems to be like the Koch way of doing >> I I think I think you're right. And I gives you a framework to say yes and say no to things uh based on your your value system and based based on your principles. And, you know, you're you're asking about how we view this societally um and
what we do we, you know, we've talked a lot about the business side, but um I'd say I spend about a third of my time and my father spends half of his time on an organization called Stand Together, which is all of our uh philanthropy and social change, which is basically the whole idea of bottom-up empowerment and believing in people and believing those that are closest to the problem are the ones that are the solution to the problem. And we have we have hundreds of examples cuz we work on Stand Together is this organization that has been built up over we started in 2003, but my dad's been working on social change for most of his life 60 plus years. But he realized that if we're going to make a a really big impact and create movements that help people around some of these biggest problems, some of the biggest problems in the country, that you had needed a network effect on that that we needed
partnerships. We needed preferred partnerships that all believe in this these principles and this idea that every human being has a gift, but there's all these there's new barriers stacked up against people every day that make it impossible for them to unlock the potential of their gift. And that's what Stand Together is about. So we work on poverty, addiction, violent you know, violence, criminal justice reform, transforming education, very very broad set problem set. But we have over a thousand business leaders now that invest their philanthropic dollars, invest their time to get behind a problem that they care about most. And now we're we're we're leveraging culture to do that at movement scale now with sports, music, media, YouTube, and getting you know, and getting these these principles out that we've talked about and trying to help people at scale. >> What's an example of like something
specific at Stand Together that you guys do where the principles are kind of used to affect change? >> Yeah. I would say I'll start on education. I think that's something that every household in America cares about. >> Nobody wants their kid to be dumb. >> No one wants their kid to be dumb. I think everyone's generally concerned with the especially the K through 12 education system. We believe it's broken. But there's some really positive bright spots. And so our vision for education and applying these principles into the institution of education is one of going from a one-size-fits-all teach-to-test teacher at the front of the classroom model to you know working from textbooks to individualized education. And now that we have new models and technology that that gives students the ability to do that at scale, we have a huge opportunity in front of us. I always use the example of what Sal
Khan created with Khan Academy with leveraging technology to meet a kid where they are in their learning journey and all kids in you know 30 30 kid classroom, they're all at different levels, right? But for them to master a class mathematics or physics or whatever the subject is, they can do it on their own on their own terms. And they're not trying to graduate everyone from grade to grade. The Alpha school is another great example where they're leveraging AI for the first two hours of an 8-hour day basically cramming the curriculum into two hours and then giving them the freedom to choose based on what they're passionate about different projects they want to work on. Do they want to stand up a podcast because they're passionate about that learn public speaking? All these things that are so critical to when you get out in the real world, that's what you have to know. Financial literacy, almost
no school teaches that. >> And these new models, these micro schools, the Alpha schools that I'm describing, are teaching that to kids in kindergarten and like first through third grade. What an advantage. These practical things. So, um, the thing that's most exciting about education to me is that, um, prior to COVID, only 20% of families were open to a new model for their kids. Post-COVID, after families have seen, um, you know, when their their kids came home and they saw that their learning more on YouTube than they were at school, that, um, 80% are now open to a different model. And that's why we we've invest we have something called the VELA Fund, which is basically venture capital for education entrepreneurs that we we pulled together with the Walton family that, um, we've put uh, we created a fund and others stand together, um, uh, partners have invested in this. But we've built over
5,000 micro schools across the country in the last five or six years. And it's all around these principles of individualized education, helping kids find their gift, and putting them on that self-actualization journey earlier in life. We feel like that's I mean, that's the future. Every All these other problems, addiction, um, mental health issues, um, our our broken criminal justice system are downstream of a bad education. Right? So, if you if we can really transform the education system in this country, we'll be we'll be way better off. >> I was talking with a friend recently, um, and uh, he has uh, kids about the same age as mine, and he told me that he created, uh, what he calls a, uh, chore chart. And so, you know, three four three So, what he does is basically he lists out a couple chores, and every night before the kid goes to bed, they check to see, "Did did the chores?" And, um,
he is, uh, I I forget I think he's paying a dollar a day or something, right? But the idea is just like, hey, you have chores you have to do. And so, I think great idea, so I created it for two of my kids, and they're so excited to do chores. I'm sure that will wear off over time, right? But what I started realizing is like, I'm responsible for them knowing this stuff. Not somebody else, right? And so, I go and I look and I'm like, okay. I don't know whatever the latest percentage is of kids who, you know, can't read past a third grade level or, you know, whatever. I mean, there's this balance. I I fully understand there are parents who are working two jobs, and they don't have time, and you know, all this kind of stuff. >> Right. >> But there's a heck of a lot of parents who are just kind of outsourcing their, you know, education of their kids to somebody else and saying, well, like, why
aren't you doing a good job, right? And I'm always reminded of Clayton Christensen, The Innovator's Dilemma. He wrote another book called uh How Will You Measure Your Life? It's one of my favorite books. And in it, one of the like warnings that he gives is, do not outsource the raising of your children to other people. And he talks about the soccer coach. You don't know what their values are. You don't know what they're telling your kids if you're not at practice and all. Doesn't mean don't have your kid play soccer. Just means that like, you also are responsible for telling your kid, you know, how to perform on the field or what the rules are or whatever. >> Right. >> It sounds like you guys are in these kind of micro schools really empowering the parents along with a teacher to say, hey look, let's shrink down these class sizes and be able to spend more time on the things that actually
matter, not just the rote memorization of the books. >> That's right. And I think one um one critical distinction is we don't think about a teacher as a teacher, think about them as a guide. So, the the kid the the student has agency. The student gets to decide, and whether it's Alpha or the micro school that my kids go to in Wichita, Kansas, they decide what most of their day looks like. And I think that that is a paradigm shift, right? You you know, like >> us doing that? >> Yeah, no, exactly. I mean, I grew up in system where it was teach the test. I went to a great school, but um I look at what what my kids and so many more kids have access to at a low cost, by the way. Um >> And my guess is like on this point, right? If we went back in time and somebody showed up for one day in like high school and was like, "What do you guys want to do today?" I don't know, you know, we didn't know
each other then, but I'm sure that we'd kind of be like, "I don't know, like eat candy, not do anything, you know, definitely not be here at school." But if that is just the normal day-to-day, >> Yeah. >> you don't go to the extreme of like, you know, screwing around and, you know, doing the worst thing possible. It's kind of like, well, I think kids do want to learn. I think they do want to do things that are cool. >> What what what we're doing is closing the motivation gap. >> Mhm. >> Joe Lehmann says that 90% of why you have a failing student is because he's not motivated to learn. >> Mhm. >> And [clears throat] so what he's doing with these techniques and making it fun and interesting and meeting the kid where they are, um is is closing the motivation gap. I was like, "Oh, actually, well, do I have flexibility in the way I learn? Um I can do this with gaming and like somehow like Fortnite
comes into this. That's my favorite game and I'm going to learn. There's an incentive there of if I really focus on eating my vegetables, right? And uh and learning my math and learning uh learning the science and all all the the the things that I get to learn also in the afternoon through Fortnite and then I can I can work on projects that I'm excited about." I'll give you an example of my my own son, my oldest um son, because of that flexibility, um you one of his uh best friends, 13 years old, uh when when um Anthropic released Claude code, um one of the kids got really good at it and he came up the curve quickly and then my son Charlie was like, "Hey, I want to let's do a project together." And then within like a month, he comes home and he's showing me what he's working on and he's like, "Pop, why do you have that spreadsheet there?" Like I don't know, I had something my my workout program
or my stretching program. He's like, "Let me just build you a model." So, he took that and he's 13 years old, ingested that and had an app built on my phone in about 35 minutes. I watched him do it. And and then so think if we can have all kids that have this amazing curiosity and they all have gifts, these tools and just let them run and let them learn and do it on projects that they care about, you you close the motivation gap. And that that alone will transform our entire education system. >> Wow, your kid does that for you. >> Yeah. >> Then builds confidence they can solve problems, then thinks critically, then goes and develops a comparative advantage, right? And then just feeds from there. >> Yeah. >> Before I let you go, investing. We spent very little time on that. You all drive a ton of profit. You can reinvest it into businesses. You can go buy new businesses. There's also a whole
universe of investment assets out there you can buy. How do you guys just philosophically think about allocating the money? >> Yeah, so I would go back to one of our principles, long-term thinking versus short-term thinking. So, we apply that to to all of our investments. Um we do invest in pretty much every asset class there is and I think when you look at Coke big picture, um about half of it is those is eight operating businesses and then we have four investment businesses that as I mentioned covered every asset class from early stage venture capital all the way to investing in in funds and investing in credit strategies and whatnot. Um >> So, eight operating businesses and then four like investments. >> Four investments. But but um, half of our capital consumed is in the business, but half of Coke is in these investment businesses, right? >> That's interesting. >> Yeah, so um, and I think
that's another thing that people don't don't know about Coke, but we want to we want to create we want to have enough optionality and liquidity to where when the next Georgia Pacific, the next Molex comes around, we have the dry powder so that we we can act and we can act quickly. And I think being private um, with an incredible um, board that um, we can get together within 24 hours on an opportunity that creates a big competitive advantage for us in the in the business development world. Um, what [clears throat] I would say one area that I'm specifically focused on that I think is one of the biggest opportunities for Coke long-term is on this trend of generational wealth transfer in businesses, especially family businesses. If you look at the turnover of wealth over the next 20 years is north of a hundred trillion. Uh, so they just stagger staggering numbers and that creates business opportunity.
And so family-owned business in particular, private family-owned businesses that are mature, we're looking at um, you know, uh, businesses that have significant cash flow and meaningful EBITDA. We we have proven over time that we think long-term about those and that we can be a great home for those companies, whether it's a minority investment or uh, a a full, you know, acquisition. We approach the market and especially these these family-owned businesses and the principals of these companies with a capital solution provider uh, mindset. And um, we want to our goal is to be the first call with these family businesses when they run into problems such as succession. Um, they need private equity out cuz private equity is is not thinking long-term and they need to close a fund and they they want off the cap stack or growth capital. And so that's a a big part of what I do um because I can I have
the ability to tell the Koch story. I think multi-generational company. We've been through all the family problems, so we get it. We get it, right? And so to be able to go into the market and say Koch could be a great home just like it's been for Infor, for Molex. Um, one of the more recent um uh deals we've done is with the DeSoto family with uh Miter. Um, um a lot there was an opportunity to um to buy into that company and then uh supply growth capital to them and but also bring these principles to um into MI Windows and Doors. We were able to prove ourselves by making a relatively small investment um in the company um that ultimately grew from roughly a $300 million investment in that company to $1.5 billion over time um because we are a preferred partner to them. And we helped them grow from, you know, 60 million EBITDA or sorry 80 million EBITDA to roughly 600 million EBITDA over the
course of, you know, five or six years through growth growth capital. And so that that's an example of being a capital solution provider, understanding the family's problems and opportunities and then um thinking long-term. And so business development, back to your question, that's that's where we want to be and we hope that we earn that brand over time and continue to hopefully be top of mind in that first call for the next big opportunity. >> Well, if uh as I've talked with you more and more, I think that one thing that is very clear is uh I always say that you can't fake good kids, right? And those Sunday lessons you may have been listening more than you thought. >> Oh, [laughter] well, I yeah, at some point my father says my father says I can't remember the quote, but sometimes these ideas penetrate even the dullest of minds. >> Yeah. >> [laughter] >> You know what I'm laughing about?
My brother was laughing the other day. We used to tell our parents that we didn't need to study cuz we would just put the textbook underneath our bed and osmosis would work, right? We just said enough in our brain so we'll do well on the test. And you know, your parents are like you're >> It's true, but it's true. It's through personal experience and failure. >> Yeah. >> That's how that's how you learn. And one thing before we we close here that I would like to say to your audience is it seems like these principles can be like so daunting, right? Like in the book we said there's 41 principles. There's no magic number to 41. Those are just the ones that we have found that have really helped us transform and that we we feel like apply most to society and apply to every aspect of life, but the power of technology to apply principles now I'd encourage your audience to download and check out an
app that that that we built called the Principle Companion that really we launched with the book, but it's instead of looking at it as I got to read this book and I got to you know, learn all 41 principles and try to figure out how to apply this. That starts with whatever problem that you have right now today and you engage with it just like chat GPT one field, whatever your problem is, type it in and engages with you in a way that teaches you principles to solve problems. >> Interesting. >> So a 5-minute exercise. So you can learn one or two principles, get a win, get some momentum and then learn more. It becomes like well, that helped me with my day. It helped me with my boss. It helped me with my employees. It helped me think about strategy differently in in my business. It helped me on how I interact with the kids at the dinner table. And so I'd encourage them to check that out and just
take the problem you're dealing with right now and see if that gives you momentum in learning one or two principles and then and then uh I think you'll learn more over time. >> How can people get the app? >> So uh they can download it in any of the app stores. So Apple app stores or Google Play. Um it's it's in it's in all the technology uh platforms. >> Amazing. >> Yeah. >> The book is called Becoming a Principle-Driven Leader, 41 Principles to Build an Enduring Business. Um I think the part that I enjoyed the most was uh I cuz I've read Charles's books, I kind of think I understand how he writes a little bit and his thought process. You and him together, you guys got to write another >> thank you. >> You guys got to write another one now. >> [laughter] >> Well, it was so fun. You know, my mom said to my father after his first book, he said, "You'll you'll write your next book with your
next wife." >> [laughter] >> And he wrote five and she's still with him. So um but he has he has you know, I mean it is a process. >> Yeah. >> But I learned more in the last 18 months than I've learned in the last 18 years. >> But it's probably you have to write it down. >> You got it you got it you >> Like by writing it down it makes it more concrete. >> it and writing it and I would encourage like look every business leader to have a clear set of values and principles and capture the stories of your failures. And get those out so those stories aren't lost. That's what we're trying to do with this book [clears throat] and why my dad's on his fifth book. This is my first one, but um is that yeah, I mean we want to we want Coke to learn from these stories so we don't make the same mistakes, but really empower people these with these principles, but we offer it outside of Coke because everyone's
like well, why would you take that competitive advantage and offer it to anyone else cuz we want to see as many people transform their lives as possible with these principles. We've seen it across social change, we've seen it across nonprofits, we've seen it in our own lives, and we've seen it in our own business. We just want as many people out there to have that the opportunity to transform their lives, too. >> Well, I think it's amazing. I highly recommend everyone go get the book, and we'll do this again in the future. >> Awesome. Thanks, Anthony. Appreciate it.