[music] Hi Lisa, how are you today? >> I'm great. I'm excited to be at Google Plex. Yes, it's a crazy days in AI as you know from your perspective as an investment and to figuring out what is the best way not best way what is the best area to invest in in space of AI so many what what you have in mind and first of all if you would be able to introduce yourself >> yeah absolutely so uh Lisa Dolan a longtime partner with link ventures and partner of John Warders who has put on these events I uh really initially has focused on MIT Harvard as link is across the street from MIT in Kendall Square uh and now expanding to other technical schools. So over the >> Boston area or >> well over my career I have found that MIT Harvard is one area of uh the talent ecosystem but there's other incredible ecosystems nationwide also internationally but I'm focused only on the US where they have an unfair understanding
of a given uh industry to disrupt and so when we talk about where AI can be applied if you're investing in carne Melon they are tremendous at robotics when you're investing in uh Georgia Tech they're also strong at robotics at Duke Johns Hopkins which was my alma mo Johns Hopkins strong in healthcare so basically the strategy that I'm executing is to have exposure to these what I'll call talent ecosystems that are budding to very antiquated industries and those those students have an unfair advantage to disrupt that industy So you can't only invest in Stanford, you need to invest in other ecosystems to get exposure to those industries. >> Yes, Roman Nemed here. [clears throat] I'm also working with John Wernner putting all these great events together and funny enough as you're saying I do some research in that space what to invest into and starting with uh as you said where the talent is
but what to invest into in the sense what will be useful to humanity and AI as we know or we think it can help. So what in your thinking what would be the areas to invest the AI can help to humanity or local problems to be solved? >> Yeah. So uh if we just look at my newest investments latest investments I'm investing in AI applied to biocommercialization. So uh not shy so not on the discovery side but on um the commercialization manufacturing side. uh great MIT team. I'm also investing in AI applied to uh actually mining uh oil and gas and mining. And this is a robotics company out of MIT and uh they are basically automating the crushing of rocks, right, which is a very human uh monitored industry that um uh is now going to be disrupted. They're working with folks like cement builders, H Highleberg, um, and Caterpillar. Uh, so very very sort of I would call it non-sexy and antiquated industries.
Then, uh, another investment of mine recently is AI applied to uh, logistics and freight. >> Yes. >> So again, another great industry and then insurance. So what's interesting about all the companies that I'm seeing today is that their business model will be different today than they will be in a year and in two years. Insurance is this beautiful uh call it uh Trojan horse opportunity for revenue. When you have better structured and unstructured data, the clear opportunity is better basically not only uh better pricing of risk premiums um but a better understanding of the um the credit score of every consumer in that ecosystem. And so investing in an insurance product that will essentially be a product for the full portfolio. So it's a broad spectrum of many things, logistics, mining, engineering and bio and all that. It's a kind of large space large space or different spaces rather. So how
do you see AI for example in mining? You said antiquated as a as a process to dig something out of ground but we do know there's a lot of minerals we do need like for batteries or chips. So you're specializing on these kind of type of materials or just any in terms of processing or mining on >> Yeah. Uh there's another company invested in Carnegie Melon guys that are Cing Mel and Stanford that are doing rare earth processing. So literally taking the copper and gold that lives in all of our modems and processing that for actually could be jewelry and that is really in the trend of having onshoring of um processing of a rare earth and so you'll see this trend in my portfolio is yes I will invest in AI for perhaps you know legal and accountancy but that's not my focus is really uh unless you're the category winner there Um I'm really focused on the dirty industries. Uh one of my biggest wins
was investing in Merkore at Seed uh now $20 billion uh company. Um Georgetown Harvard uh team and uh they are uh really informing helping inform where I allocate uh capital because they are the largest recruiters for OpenAI, Nvidia, Meta uh and they are responsible for labeling those models. they're also going into the physical world and physical AI and real world data labeling and so I work with communicate with them as to what they are uh looking at next as an opportunity to where I want to be investing in in this >> question how how you find out how you landed on these different areas to invest bio logistic and such I was assumed that you did some research around that in my space what I my thinking is what we humans need to solve the problems. AI can can may help us or may not may bankrupt us completely. How how did you be came about or did you do your research to focus on these areas?
What was the the reasoning around it? >> Yeah. So as I mentioned uh links focus is really MIT Harvard which has been my focus. Um but uh I was a John's Hopkins undergrad. Uh so for different schools you'll have areas of specialty. So when I'm looking at healthcare I'll look at Duke, Johns Hopkins, MIT um when I'm looking at robotics uh Carnegi Melon. And so I have established a network of uh of sorcerers uh that can help me get exposure to all those those uh industries. um you know mining actually Alberta and Canada has a lot um of talent there um and so that's my structure of having uh basically a national grid so that you can get exposure to these these antiquated industries um but um yeah if I could tell you how many like chat bots I've seen for um for for lawyers and accountants and and private equity guys um it's just a really it's a it's a really hard uh industry to build a category.
>> We humans over the time created these monstrous processes and organization and governance of many things. So I see as a good match you're looking around the academia with fuel how we can extract certain minerals and then matching it with logistic or location where those are there already might be some technologies how to extract at least dirt but how to find where those minerals might be and then figure out who owns the lands and all this whole process from not just how technically speaking but there's a lot of other things besides investments you need to find a permitting you need to find the the landlords and all sorts of other things. So, it's kind of machinery of many things. So, I would assume you have uh helpers or some views or some information gathering what and why not to and as you mentioned before the camera was on it might be political. So, it's kind of a lot of things in mixed
bag of many things to sort out and then figure out eventually is that worth to invest. >> Yeah. Yeah. Well um in terms of the resources that I have for founders is really around um I can't say this word more um enough is distribution. I have found that distribution distribution distribution and sales is really uh the key winner of what I've seen of my of my uh strongest performers um example they just really have an understanding and what I would say practice unfair nepotism. What unfair nepotism means is um or artificial nepotism means getting several stakeholders in a company uh whether that be the CEO, the CTO, the BD guy um and the engineer, customer service person all to support you. Um, and so when I'm investing, I'm really uh helping our portfolio companies as an example, the AI for mining company actually helping them with uh finding uh mines um and uh there's a company uh just recently
that we connected to uh the mining company that is an Apollo backed uh private equitybacked mine that um has tremendous distribution. So that's really the focus is is distribution. Anything we can do to help get some type of unfair early distribution advantage. >> Speaking of the mining, it's antiquated as you said. You think of from your knowledge, you already went out there. Are they actually leveraging AI to figuring out what to what to dig or or analyze whatever the mines are, what other minerals there might be? You know, they are all coal mines. Is there any other minerals possibly? how they actually I'm just curious how the mining industry at this time is leveraging this if at all or they kind of relying on academia or other researchers maybe like yourself to invest to kind of monitor what they can do going forward. So, so this company actually um their core insights uh three MIT roboticists
at core insight is really in computer vision and being able to see in the um the conditions of a mine [clears throat] and uh we're all so this is sort of we think about a vertical company they're actually really taking a horizontal uh approach of having computer vision uh that is optimized for a mine. They're initially focusing on actually cement mines, right? So that's their it's not gold, it's not something flashy. It's actually just cement. Um and there is a competing company that is taking a vertical approach. They're actually trying to be the next uh AI or uh computer vision cement manufacturing company. Um and so they're taking it the horizontal approach and basically selling into H Highidleberg um which is one of the largest national cement manufacturers uh selling into Caterpillar. Um >> there's all the process business >> right and so they're they're capital light versus being sort
of a vertical uh a vertically integrated company. Um but uh there there two approaches to it and I'm sort of taking the um the capital light approach. I what I do like the combination you have the mining say and logistics cuz you have the dirt or the ore and you need to distribute it somewhere. Logistics supply chain is another large area in general for AI and robotics as well. So we are here in the San Francisco area has a lot of robotics companies. So you are looking for finding some in terms of logistics or supply. >> Yeah. So one part of the logistics point is what I do is sort of have a core insight around where I think AI can be applied and then print it out. So the logistics company believe it or not is is is identifying freight fraud uh and errors and so clearly AI is a great applica opportunity to verify drivers. Uh so what this company is doing is simply having uh optimized verification
of of drivers of freight drivers and from there they can offer payments and they can offer better warranty of what is being shipped. Um but their core insight is actually verification. Um and so that uh also can pertain to medicine, right? verifying who's a better surgeon than than the other by matching uh surgery screens visuals of surgery screens with outcomes and so that's sort of the process of how I make investments across ver vertical is saying okay what's the core insight uh verification actually can be applied to logistics to uh to medicine to xyz industry um so it's just it's an understanding of how the process works Yeah, great. Thank you. What I would ask, what do you kind of foresee? What are we larger obstacles than all your industries? I'm sure different industry, different obstacle, geo politics being one large of them. What my view is, you know, all of this for humanity, but
there's a lot of roadblocks, not necessarily AI, not necessarily what is in the dirt we need to extract for our our our benefit as a humanities. what you would see the larger obstacle in is the technology, is that the people, is that the politics if you will, is that some other obstacles you might see and the follow would be how we would possibly remove these roadblocks. So I think that uh privacy risk regulation are all you know underpriced in the market um in terms of the ai valuations is there will have to be uh better regulations there's going to have to be better uh risk you know controls you know when there was the uh data breach at Merkore and everybody was so worried I I was like this is this is this is a a pin prick of what we're going to have in terms of data breaches So I think that that is um everybody knows it's going to happen but I think it's really hard to to price um and
you can't as an investor. I I think it's really hard to >> so those are these risks I guess you have to consider and hope hope for the best or navigate to kind of avoid all these obstacles and possible threats >> right and I think that's clearly a vertical that people will invest in um is uh everything around risk controls um in a given um AI application or >> yeah plenty of these AI applications and it's also hard to navigate in this kind of event like we have today or this days. It's a good opportunity to figure out what that direction might be. You might have been to the first. I kind of like the interaction between Daniel Larus and Alex. >> Yeah. >> Kind of back and forth. What might be? I do know Alex is a little, you know, futuristic. Put it that way. I'm by hard or trade engineer. So, it's more practical. So how to merge this uh the futuristic ideas with the practicalities and what
I see what you're doing is more the practical part how we can help ourselves using AI to extract mining or to have our lives easier going forward. Well, I think as a venture investor, you need to uh have um Alex's uh uh and he was the long-term, you know, advisor at Link as uh they have his perspective. Um while uh and I would say I actually identify this as as some of the attributes of my best founders is they have this unfair unique uh vision of the future but also they are the best at being reactive to real time market changes. Um, and you can't only be thinking about the future. You need to be really, really great at those real time market changes, making the hard choices. And that's the difference when you're an operator versus, >> you know, um, on on sort of [laughter] >> right on the hill there. But we do I kind of agree that we need some visionaries. They may see what we wrangler
folks don't and kind of go towards if that happens. We'll see. >> Yeah. I mean, I think the business model conversation of, you know, how business models are going to change with AI. I still see my companies struggle to change how they're going to have their uh, you know, a nonsoftware license uh, you know, per seat model. Like it's still um, uh, just tried and true in terms of how the buyer um buyer uh, behaves. But that's the reason I think that payments is so interesting and insurance is so interesting. Um just so that's more of a transactionbased um model that can be organic but it's really I've I've seen I've seen friction in terms of getting beyond that per se. >> Money moves the world as they say. So thank you for discussion of this and I think that's the good practical way to go about this hopefully we you know you bring it up there and one last question where is your compared to
like Alex your crystal ball what might be in your space that is coming for next 5 10 years where we might be with say insurance how they would change or the mining how they would possibly change it supply chain and bio kind of zooming on more the bio we haven't touched on that if you have some ideas for where that might be going. Um well I think the bio I think bio application is one of the most exciting uh and unfortunately I see a lot of you know AI for social media and how to like you know automate your LinkedIn posting um because those are the easy um you know the easy um opportunities but the ones that are really uh just incredible and what keep me up at night is the bio applications and I think again there's going to have to be a lot of um uh risk controls around that because with every good you can also have have bad. Um but I see the opportunity with AI bio actually again on the manufacturing
and commercialization side being able to generate uh molecules uh instantly and just small small changes and personalized medicine where the actual think dollars are. Yes, maybe they'll flow to Chashi BT, but they won't. I think they're really going to flow to somebody who has the opportunity to get a part of that um of that added uh added production, right? Um so super excited for personalized medicine. Um and so the one that I invested in is called LRA Labs. Uh little [laughter] >> um it's it's still under in stealth. um Menlo ventures led it and is is focused in bio um commercialization. kind of interested from you discussing with all the different people how AI is where is the AI on their radar like CEO or say mining or supply chain is there what I my mini research many of the CEOs still don't necessarily fully comprehend what the AI value is to their business and they still operate in
this older traditionally feel way of thinking the large companies perhaps they have their people they want it but they medium to small they are kind of way behind with this. I don't know if you experience similar kind of >> um well what I'm seeing is uh when a startup is trying to sell into either the enterprise or the midmarket um they're they're now actually more and more interested in the mid-market because uh the enterprise has the build verse buy decision and they can build it in house and so um the midmarket has become this new um area of focus. I think the jury is still out on it. Um, frankly, but um the I've seen a lot of one of my companies that is um AI to construction is trying to sell into uh sort of the the mid-market, not the not the uh the big guys. >> Big guys. Yes, I agree. I mean following how AI works the decentralization like agenting AI the smaller pockets they still
amount to a lot rather than dictate if you will for the larger companies what we as a humanity should do they might not capture everything they might don't want to so the medium companies kind of filling the gap for us humanity fuel to build better lives for us I would absolutely agree and we should like in the in in the investments going forward and I'm sure there is many many opportunities even in the audience here you meet people and uh going forward and last question is uh for your you are trying to invest or investing like immediate the outputs if you will or more longer term five years where you see the the results coming back to in your investment >> so I I'm a seed investor seed in series A um [clears throat] the strategy is um more times at bat. So um in terms of the funds construction so I want to make more investments um in the seed and have less for followons. But what I've seen
is that there's a bigger difference today between the halves and have nots. So put larger checks into the companies that um are are doing well but not have the normal uh sort of uh venture calculus of investing your prata in the series A's. It's really those series B's where you just see the difference between the winners and the and the losers. Um and so uh that sort of structure of >> how you deal with the you know flexibility of dynam you know the AI is evolving a huge speed of light if you will and things are changing we discovering kind of reinventing on the go. So what you foresee today might look completely different tomorrow. So is there how you adjust if you will the journeys you have with your investments? >> Yeah, I think it's really about team and distribution. I was saying you know everybody's talking about Anthropic today. There was a good like uh post about their 80% gross
margins which are actually they're losing money. Um but uh if you look at their numbers, it's uh it's taking out uh partner uh you know uh partner shared revenue and taking out um stockbased compensation. So they're losing money. Um but ultimately they're going to have distribution. So I would tell you that whatever their business model is today is not going to be their business model in in two years, 3 years or 5 years. Um, and so I think that's, you know, I'm uh I'm very bullish on on Andrew as an example just just as the point of the fact that whoever is going to have um mass distribution today will be able and and be able to hire the best talent will be able to um um to roll the punches and and pivot and pivot and pivot. But um I as sort of going back to what I initially said is those founders that are really good at being reactive to real-time market changes are going to be the winners
while also having that long-term vision. >> Yeah, the business models are changing because of the all the time. And because we are nearing the time, if you might have a last words of wisdom in terms of investment, how to go or advice? >> Um yeah. Basically I would say uh think for I think there's a lot of um oh like VC has been always this industry but think for yourself uh and do what others are not doing. I think that's the hardest thing to do right now is there's such a strong strong uh and dialogue in in AI. Uh it's really hard to zigg and zag while others are are zagging and zigging. So do something different and think different. So >> yeah, AI allows that. So thank you for for the time and explaining or discussing this awesome topic. >> Awesome. Thank you. >> Thanks. >> [music]