Jensen, thank you for doing this today. >> I'm happy to do it. Nice to see you. >> It's nice to see you, too. Thank you for your time. My first question, we've heard from some of the top CEOs, Dario Amadeday, Sam Alman, Elon Musk saying that we need to pace the development of AI. You've got whistleblowers saying that the end of humanity could be within 10 years. Do you agree with this? Well, first of all, [clears throat and cough] uh AI technology is is uh uh incredibly powerful. It could of course do incredible good and it could be applied to uh uh terrible applications as well. And so so we we have to make sure that when we're developing this technology, we develop it safely. And the industry is transitioning from uh developing an AI technology that was that was that is becoming capable meaning that uh this this first part of this year we went through a transition where AI became useful
and it became useful uh the demand for it is incredible. Uh token generation of these AI products are now profitable and actually incredibly profitable. So many companies are adopting it. Uh, OpenAI's latest Astra is incredible. We're using it all over the place. We use cloud code. We use cursor. Uh, SpaceX SpaceX AI's product. Uh, we use um, uh, cognition. And so the capability of the technology has now reached extremely useful state. And so these companies are transitioning from being a lab trying to get the technology to work to now a products company. And so in fact you know even calling it a lab kind of tells you something. They were in research for the first 1015 years and now all of a sudden in the last six months practically the industry has shifted to high production ramp mode. And so so I think that all of the all of the um the reactions um that are happening are part of that transition
at its core. >> Are they correct assessments of what could happen? Are we all going to be, in the words of some, gone in a decade? >> No, that's that's completely false. And that's that kind of narrative um uh is dramatic. It gets a lot of attention. Of course, obviously, it's gotten the attention of of the press. And um I I think at its core, they care deeply that the products are built safely. >> They're transitioning from a lab to engineering. um they have to dedicate a lot more of their research researchers, a lot more of their compute to safety. That's that's um in in the case of developing products, there's the engine, there's the design part of it, the capabilities part of it, and there's the verification part of it. In the beginning of any industry, most of the engineering goes towards making the product work. And then as the product becomes mature and it rolls out into society, most
of the engineering is actually dedicated to verification, testing, evaluation, verification, benchmarking, um uh attesting to standards, uh making sure that that the product that they ship uh is reliable, um it's functioning as expected, uh delivers on the promise of the product. And so it's very sensible that right now during this transition they have to move a lot of their capabilities to AI safety. I think that that's really where the the crux of it. Um any anything all the messaging around the drama of it is unnecessary. It's is quite frankly um uh too much drama irresponsible. It is now grounded on facts. It's not grounded on science. >> So it's wrong. Well, it's f it's wrong because it's not grounded on science. Their their concern is not wrong. I just want to make sure that at the core of it, the concern is not wrong. This is no different than I just landed from a plane. I'm really
glad that the the the the entire ecosystem and industry of air travel takes safety seriously and all the people who are working around the clock, they're more people working on uh airline safety and aircraft safety and air travel safety than they are working on making uh new types of aircrafts. And so it makes sense and and we're we're just going through the same thing. >> You've said we don't need any new laws. We don't need any new regulations. But you just said here that you support safeguards in major industries. Why not support the equivalent of an FDA or of FAA for AI? >> Well, before we come up with new new laws and new regulations, let's apply the current laws and the current regulations. There are all kinds of laws and regulations. You you know we live in you know the land of laws and is the reason why we feel safe and secure and governed and and we have all kinds of laws and regulations
applied to each and every one of those applications whether it's food or um air travel or any >> specifically for AI. >> Yeah. So what's what's the what's the missing part? Tell me the missing part. I'm curious to know your opinion why you think there are no missing parts when someone like a Dario Amade or a Sam Alman is saying we'd like to see regulation. >> I think I think the what I was responding to is in the case of both of the labs um one lab had four incidents cyber security incidents uh triggered by them. Another one uh just had a couple more. And so so uh before both in both of those incidents has plenty of laws to deal with. You have cyber security unauthorized entry uh uh uh laws. You have um you have damage uh damage liabilities. You have you know all kinds of liabilities associated with cyber security. Uh you have all kinds of liabilities associated with products. And so if your
product does harm, if your product doesn't perform as as you promised, and if you entered into contracts with companies for service level agreements, there are plenty of laws associated with that. My point is apply those first and don't let don't let this this doomsday narrative cause somebody to relieve them of the laws that currently exist. Now, go and go and read between the lines. There's a lot of there's they're actually not asking for more laws. They're asking to be relieved of the laws we do have. And I I think that that's a problem. We have plenty of laws. So, let's apply those first. >> So, do you think then is are these companies asking to be regulated in a sense because they don't want to have to handle this themselves and take their own responsibility for what they're building. Well, they're moving from a lab to a products company, from a from a uh from a a non uh customer revenue
producing to a customer revenue producing business. And and that transition must be extraordinary because they're doing it so fast. And these are two of the most consequential technology companies in history. Uh they're incredible, incredibly talented researchers there. They're doing excellent work, but it doesn't change the fact. The fact is they're transitioning from a laboratory into a product service company generating tens of billions of dollars of revenues, expecting it to be hundreds of billions of dollars of revenues. both of them increasing their compute capacity at at a rate no companies have ever seen in human history. And uh and and and deservedly so because their products are good and they're and they're useful and people want more of it and they like to generate more revenues and their investors want to see their growth and and all of that is good. But there are laws. There
are product liability laws and those product liability laws ought to be tested against the current incidents and um and the company well then we'll see what happens next. Then we'll see. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do the do the obvious first. Do the practical first and then we can talk about the theoretical later. But don't talk about the theoretical without doing the practical. >> In making the argument for no additional government regulation. I'm curious to know. >> So I'm I'm arguing for exercising >> the current. Right. So but you are saying you're not you don't advocate at this moment for additional government regulation >> to do what? >> Right. So if that's the premise >> until until we know what's missing. Until we know what's missing, why add more laws? So on that note, >> curious, do you have more faith in the four or five CEOs who control this technology than in additional regulation?
Do you trust them to do the right thing and to allay some of the fears here? >> They're surely uh capable of doing the right things. what they're going what they're transitioning from and to is an understandable thing. First of all, they're all young CEOs, first- time CEOs. I've been doing this for 33 years, and I get the benefit of, you know, hindsight and and to to sit here in the back seat and pontificate about about their business. Um, but the fact of the matter is they're going through this transition. It's not easy building a company, building organizations, building products, building industries, building a business, going public. All of that is new and it's all happening at the same time. >> And so I'm empathetic to the enormous the enormity of the challenges that they're dealing with. And I'm also I also have a lot of confidence in in um uh the capabilities of the teams that they
have. These are extraordinary people. So you trust you trust >> uh I believe in them. I believe in the people. I also am empathetic of the circumstances. I don't approve of uh deflections and distractions about the end of the world. Um and and I rather them focus on the things that I know they're focused on. Their engineers are absolutely uh uh able to understand that that that the incidents they had requires them to create more secure sandboxes and isolation and containment of their experiments. Um I am certain that they have learned that they need to monitor much more closely all of their software as it's operating during testing and eval. I am certain that if they were uh uh if their if their uh software were to interact with external from their cloud interact with external clouds uh and other services that they should let people know and if incidents were to happen uh to make sure that
they share it publicly so that the whole industry can learn from it and we can all improve ourselves. This is how the cyber security industry works. You know I just so you know right now all over the world there's cyber attacks right >> and there's all over the world engineers are working feverishly to patch their software improve their software improve vulnerability. These are incredibly complex systems. The fact that we have open software and we have uh open-source software so that all the companies could defend themselves and upgrade their software is one of the reasons why the industry works and it's working right now as we speak and we watch each each other's back. there are hundreds of companies that work together as a community and um and you know we have the as asymmetric benefit of having a lot of defenders against attackers and and so there's there's a lot of stuff to to uh to unpack
about the incidents they had but it doesn't change the fact that they're currently doing they're back to grounding themselves in engineering. They're going to improve their engineering. They're going to invest a lot more in evaluations and benchmarking and testing and that's just a good transition for them. >> I'm curious, you know, as Americans look at you, you're the CEO and founder of Nvidia, this incredibly the most valuable company in the world. Why should on this specific issue of safety, >> why should Americans trust your perspective when your company's success, your net worth is directly tied to selling chips? >> Our company's success is directly connected to the safe deployment of products and services. If the computer industry doesn't provide value to the to the world safely and productively um provide enormously positive impact as we have so far if we don't continue to keep do
if we don't continue to do that our value would would be diminished and so it is in our very personal and industrial benefit that this new class of applications called AI is able to be produced and deliver to to the world safely. We have to do this, you know, we have to we have to balance this responsible optimism. The reason why we do what we do for a living is because we believe it's great for the world. We believe that we want our children to be part of it. My children are part of it. Um we want all of our families to be part of it. We want this future where we have less human suffering, where companies could be more productive, where we could discover knowledge more quickly. We want all of this in the future. We We want to deal with aging populations. We want to have sustainable energy and use AI market forces to drive the world into sustainable energy. We we want all of these things,
but we have to do it responsibly and we have to do it safely. And we have to do this all with maturity so that we don't scare other people out of scare scare people uh with dramatic and historical um prediction of the future. That is just not true. >> The elephant in the room here is the race with China. H >> the argument has been we can't slow down AI progress lest we lose to China. >> Do you think that's a valid argument? >> Um as an advice to every single CEO in every industry, every student, every professor, every member of the American society, we want America to be as prosperous as we can. The more prosperous we are, the richer we are as an economy, the more we could provide for social security, the more we could provide for national military security, the the better we could be a citizen of the world and support other people's challenges and trials and tribulation and pain and suffering,
um the more philanthropic we can be as a nation. And so I would advise that every single American citizen, everybody in America pulls in the same direction as hard as we can. >> So should we slow down and would that affect the race with China? The American standing in >> we should go as fast as we can irrespective of anybody else. It's not um if China were to discover a cure for cancer, it's great for us. If China were to uh invent a new technology for sustainable energy, it's great for us. If China were to uh uh lead in many areas of science and math and we were able to learn from them and benefit from it, it's great for us. But listen, we're packing heat as a nation. This is a nation with extraordinary capability, extraordinary innovators. I'm proud to be part of the American technology industry that I would consider one of the three pillars of our national treasures. Of course, our financial
system is one of them. Of course, our military is one of them. You know, the the the the industry that I serve, that I'm part of, the technology industry is absolutely one of our national treasures. We are going to go as fast as we can, but >> how important is it? We're going to go as fast as we can, but we would never ever and never should ship products before they're ready, deliver products that are unsafe, and nobody's expecting us to do that. But everybody's expecting us to succeed and help America be as prosperous as possible. David Saxs told me earlier this week that he believes that if we slow down the rate of AI development, then that could do huge damage to the American economy, the American military and put the United States at a disadvantage. So I just want to clearly understand like do you think that we should be pacing the development of AI right now given where we are visav
China? First of all, David is incredibly smart. Um, this is thoughtful. He's deep. He's pragmatic. Um, he is he is one of the one of the great American patriots. Um, it's been a privilege to to know him and um I met him when he was an adviser at the White House and um uh incredible incredible human. Um, I'm not exactly what what the context of what he said was, uh, but I'm fairly certain he wants America to go as fast as we can, but not faster than we should. We should go as fast as we can, but not faster than we should. And if we're if we're compromising safety, that can't happen. Um, if you're compromising safety and you deliver products that are unsafe, that put people in harm's way, we have laws of all kinds to come after you. And so the companies that are developing these technologies are perfectly incentivized to do the right thing. And I have every confidence. I have every confidence
because they're incentivized to do so. They have the capability to do so. that we will deliver, we will create AI, advance AI in a way that's safe to society. >> Dario Amade says we should stop selling chips to China. The quote is do not sell powerful AI chips or semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China. What's your response to that? >> Well, um we have to we have to make sure that that uh technology that's created by America advantage America first. Every country would do that. Every company does that. Every parent does that. Every company does that. Every industry does that. Every nation does that. And in the case of in the case of the American America has decided, the United States has decided and and I'm very supportive that we provide Nvidia's best technology to American companies first. And so we're in the generation of what we call Vera Rubin. Vera Rubin is shipping in volume
production. Um we are several years ahead of China with this technology and um it's being made available to uh to Dario and uh Sam and you know the American labs and uh American industries and that's exactly what we're doing and we're we're delighted to do that. Um on the other hand remember that AI is a five layer cake. It is not just that model. The AI industry represent is represented by the energy sector, the chips sector, the model sector where where they are, the model layer where they are. Um, you could argue that there's six layers or five, but above that is basically the data and the application layer. And we need every single one of these layers, everybody in America to win. We want us to win in the energy sector. We'd like us to lead the world in the chip sector. Uh, we like to make sure that every single application company I love the fact that FedEx is going to be an AI company.
I love the fact that Walmart's going to be an AI company. We need every single company in America to be an AI company. Not just one company, not just two companies. Remember, you got to take a step back and remember what what AI is. AI is intell digital intelligence. Why is it how is it possible that every single company in America is not supported and have capabilities of digital intelligence? And so of course every company is going to be a company of the future with digital intelligence or artificial intelligence as part of the company. And so I want everybody to win including the chips industry. And so, >> so you disagree with Daario's position that we should not sell? >> I completely disagree that uh we should ban China of all American products. The American company should have advanced capabilities. But then after that, every single layer of the American AI tech stack, including the
traditional companies and the AI model companies of every single field and every single chip company should go and serve the world, compete for the world. Serving the world, having market have capturing market share, capturing economic prosperity, that's all about competing. America is about competition and we ought to go and compete and not seed entire markets. Our our market is not his to seed. Our market is not his to seed. We ought to go compete for the world's market. >> I want to ask you about President Trump and your relationship with him. Um >> do you agree with President Trump? You're one of his closest adviserss in tech and AI. >> He has a lot of adviserss. He has a lot of advice [clears throat] >> and he's he's an excellent listener. >> Um he has a broad range of people he talks to. >> I'm curious >> and I I that's that's one of the reasons why he sees through these complicated
situations. >> Well, speaking of that, yeah, >> you know, he he said this week that he believes that the concerns, the fears about AI's dangers are a hoax. The potential to destroy humanity with AI is a hoax. Do you agree with President Trump on this? >> Oh, yeah. Now you and I started the conversation just now with exactly this. I completely disagree with that. I comp I completely disagree that AI is going to destroy is going to be the end of the world um in 2030. >> Do you agree? The president is calling this fear a hoax. Do you agree with his characterization of it? >> Um >> I just I was at the all-in summit listening to you talk to him on the phone. >> Well, I don't want to speak for him. I >> I'm asking you about you. I I believe I believe the claims of the end of the world um stirring fear across America and doing it by the people who who are doing it makes no sense to me. So they must
be doing it for ulterior reasons. Um that's that's uh uh maybe it's political, maybe it's otherwise, maybe just attention grabbing, maybe so that they could get a great interview with you. Um I don't I don't know what is the reason for it, but uh however it's characterized, uh 2030 is not going to be the end of the world. There is 0% chance that's going to be the end of the world. And so I I think that scaring people is unnecessary. it is irresponsible and I don't know what their their motives are. Um, however, uh, what he did say and some of the other things. So, so that's one thing that he said. The other thing that he said was was that um, uh, we don't need more regulations. Uh, we need to apply the current regulations we have. That's a very practical, very sensible thing and and we just spoke about that as well and I agree with that. He also said something interesting um about his ability
to make sure that AI does not have this impact on Americans. Uh do you agree that President Trump has the ability to fend off and prevent an AI crisis while he's in office? You know him, you talk to him. Does he have that ability? uh as the leader of of of uh of America with all of the laws and regulations we currently have um and recognizing the incidents that we now have in front of us uh I believe we have the necessary laws and regulations to handle those things and >> so he can fend it off in your view >> I yeah because America has our our system already has a lot of laws and regulations that applies to many different sectors of products and services and so so I think he's saying practical things um and uh I and and like like we've already spoken earlier I I think we have lots of laws and regulations and they should be applied. >> I have two just quick questions for you here. Um you will
be attending the state dinner with President Xiinping of China. Is that correct? Next week. >> Next week. Yes. if you get a chance to speak to him about this situation that we're in right now, the one that Americans are so concerned about, what will you say to the president of China? >> Um, I would I would say that that um I'm delighted to see uh AI's technology transitioning from from laboratories to now really useful capabilities and products and services. And because it's making that transition, it would be good for um all countries that are developing and advancing AI to do so in a way where we share best practices. Um maybe maybe set um uh global standards about uh product expectations. >> Work closer together. >> Work Yeah, of course. Yeah, of course. Work closer together. Um I if we want look they want China to be safe. They want China to have the benefit of AI. They want China to
prosper just as we want United States to prosper. I'm glad they have ambitious expectations and aspirations. I want I wish every country Don't you wish every country has aspirations and ambitions for a better tomorrow? And I love that about them. Um, as they advance the technology, uh, we ought to make sure that we work with each other as much as we can, as much as we can. There are, of course, areas where we we can't work together for whatever reason. Um, maybe it's militarily, well, it could be military reasons. It could be um other national security reasons that that that um could arise. And uh, and those are those are for for the governments to sort out. Other than that, I think that it would be great for us to work in every possible way. >> Um, can I ask you about something about your your personal um, status here? I mean, I I would be remiss to we all know that Jensen Wong is the very
successful CEO of Nvidia. You are a billionaire. You have said some of your fellow billionaires here in California are spending millions to fight Proposition 40, the billionaire tax as it were. You have said that if California passes it, you'd be perfectly fine paying it. Why do you see it differently than so many of your peers? >> I don't mind paying taxes. >> Why not? >> Um, look, I don't like t I don't like tax dollars wasted. Um, I like that our country is efficient and runs efficiently. U, but I also support uh all that this country represents. Um, I I support uh uh all of our government officials um uh in their civil duties to uh to make America great and and better. Uh I love I love the infrastructure that we've provided for all of our our citizens. I love what it's created. Um for me uh you know this is I am the ultimate American dream and and um if not for this country the education
uh the ability to create a new company pursue your dreams uh and and let merits be uh the reason why you succeed and your your your endeavor your grit your innovation let that be the reason why you succeed. if not for, you know, why I'm here. I I wouldn't have met all the people that made Nvidia possible. I wouldn't have met my wife in school. I mean, there's the list goes on. I, you know, I I love I love this country in every possible way. And it's not perfect, but it's incredible. And so I, you know, I've had the benefit of traveling around the world and I, you know, sometimes looking back in on your own country >> and and um our all of our trials and tribulations and discourse, you know, the messiness of of our country in a lot of ways, that's what makes it beautiful and and it's what makes it work and and um so I'm I'm delighted to to uh be part of it. >> Even if you might end up paying
about perhaps eight billion dollars over five years still worth it? >> Well, I think that that first of all, I'm glad you said that. Um the fact that I can afford to pay $8 billion in taxes over five years is a privilege. It's not that it it's not the $8 billion. It's the fact that I can afford to pay$8 billion. And and so so um uh I'm not afraid of paying taxes. I'm just afraid of being poor and and [laughter] I have no trouble contributing to others. I love paying all I I'm famed for for saying that I want to pay all of our employees as much as I can and I do instead of paying people as little as possible to get their work. I try to pay people as much as possible. That's a that's a privilege of being successful. and and um I that's you know frankly I'm delighted to do it. Uh I I I feel it's a privilege. It's a responsibility and um nothing would give me more joy than to pay be able to pay
even more taxes. >> Wait, are you asking to be paying more in taxes? >> No, the more you make, the more taxes you pay. So I'm okay with that. >> That's true. That's true. >> I'm okay with that. >> Well, Jensen, thank you. Um, do we have time for a couple more questions or I want to be respectful of your time. >> I have all the time in the world. >> Oh, you do? >> It's my team. >> Excellent. Well, I think I want to ask you about something that's really bothering a lot of Americans right now. >> There's a lot of people who don't want data centers. >> Yeah. >> In their backyards. >> Yeah. >> This is rare bipartisan unity. The backlash is bipartisan. NVIDIA powers a lot of data centers. What do you say to the people out there who are speaking out and saying we do not want these in our neighborhoods? >> Well, first of all, I would say um we're sorry we didn't come talk to you sooner. We should
have come talk to them sooner. um before before you even stand up a giant data center in some community, some rural rural area, some small town, you know, I grew up I grew up in a town uh of 600 people and I went to a school with 300 kids and those 300 kids with this that was Onita Onita in Kentucky, that was it. And if you were uh if all of out of nowhere a data center were to crop up right next to the one grocery store, um I think I I think I would be alarmed. And and so I I think that that first of all, we need to go engage the communities long before we uh set up the data centers. And I think uh all of my colleagues uh recognize this today. You know, it's just all of this happened so quickly and it happened all over America so quickly. uh uh sometimes we just we just didn't have we we didn't realize um and we didn't get a chance to be polite to be to be a visitor in some some new town.
Um however I will also say uh um the data centers are also improving tremendously and tremendously quickly. Uh the water the the the cooling system is now is recirculating water. We use hot water to cool the data centers and so the amount of energy necessary the amount of cooling necessary is dramatically reduced. Uh the energy that we we consume uh we should be providing for the power generation plants. uh we should contribute in fact even to the local power grid enhancing it reliability and one of the things that United States uh is increasingly uh understanding using the market dynamics and the market forces of AI and just this incredible investment phase the first time in a 100 years we have an opportunity to invest in all kinds of sustainable energies where if if a particular town would like solar if you know if it like nuclear whether it's fusion or fision um hydro, every single form
of power generation is on the table today and everybody is being invested in. And so that's a fantastic moment. If we want a sustainable future, the next five years recognize no doubt we'll use much more fossil fuel. But the the decades after that, we're going to see all kinds of applications of sustainable energy because of artificial intelligence. And so so I would say I would also say that there are so many great stories of towns that have been uh at the benefit of of investments from the data center builders. Uh you know their community centers improved, new schools, uh new baseball fields, new roads, uh uh lower property taxes, all of that is on the table. And so I think that that um uh data center builders should go to go to the communities, let them know that they're considering building in the community, let them know that the conversation includes an opportunity to upgrade their
their town, uh lower their taxes, lower their energy uh bill and um uh and there should be some minimums. There should be some expectation about you know the the aesthetics of these data centers. I think they ought to be they ought to be designed better. They could be designed better. >> New a new approach to designing the data center. Although the main concern really is about >> making making something beautiful is is um just part of of uh the equation. I think that today nobody considers the aesthetics of a data center to be part of its part of its functionality. Well, people think a lot about the energy bills and the the water and the resources that go into it. That seems to be the primary concern from people who are protesting these data centers. >> And so those things um uh water consumption, that's a myth now. Uh these data centers use less water evaporative. They don't use evaporation
anymore. It uses less water than a swimming swimming pool evaporating all year long. And so so I think all of that is kind of historic understandable but it's a myth now. Uh energy energy bills going up is actually the o the opposite. Most of these data center all these data centers uh should contribute to the grid and and and um if they contribute when they contribute to the grid it makes the grid more resilient. They reduce the power cost. Um, >> it sounds like you're trying to say that people should reconsider having these in their neighborhood, >> but that we should you should still do it nicely. You should still make it more aesthetic. The setback should be uh further away from the towns. Uh because you know the these data centers, there's a lot of traffic in and out. There's noise and so on so forth. And so you just got to put it you have to be sensible about these things. We have,
you know, we should we should have we should have um uh very early on gone and and had dialogue with the communities before we showed up. It just happened so quickly and so uh for that for that um it's unfortunate. Uh but going forward we can do a much better job. >> You started this company you started Nvidia as a gaming chip company. M >> you were sitting in a Denny's >> 30 years ago. >> I was a dishwasher at the Denny's. >> Yeah. That's where I I love Denny's. I love Denny's. America's Diner. Who? Yeah. >> Did you ever think when you were a dishwasher at Denny's that you would end up on the front lines about a debate regarding AI and the end of humanity? >> Uh, no. I was just really really uh focused on doing doing dishes uh like no dishwasher ever did dishes and um I was the best bus boy of any bus boy that ever bust tables. Um you know I I brought enthusiasm to almost every job that
I had. It it didn't matter what it was. >> It seems like you're bringing that same level of enthusiasm to your to your job today. >> This is consequential. This is important. It's an important conversation. I'm happy we're having it and and um I want to make sure that that the American public understands that this industry will it is our responsibility to build the technology safely just as it is the drug industry to build the drug safely the automotive the car industry to build the cars safely the plane industry to build the plane safely this industry will build AI safely we have to hold ourselves accountable to that number one number two uh don't let don't let the the myths and the the ridiculous dramatic stories uh cause us not to be optimistic about this incredible capability. We do not want to be the country that invented the technologies of this industrial revolution but have this country
have our country be left behind. Don't let that happen. I don't want that happening for my kids. I don't want happening for your kids. Can you explain what data centers actually do >> and why AGI could be a good thing? >> Okay. So, so really great question. Um, first of all, so, so, um, uh, as you know, several hundred years ago, about 350 years ago, uh, the modern industrial revolution started. Electricity was being manufactured. It was a mis it was a magical thing a almost a mythical thing where you could have uh water come into this machinery and this invisible technology comes out of it called electricity and we can transport energy all over the world replacing candles and and uh and stoves and and wood burning ovens and so on so forth, steam engines and and so we we made it possible uh for this new industry to happened and a whole industry was built on top of it. Then the second indust
the next the last industrial revolution uh was really about the information age and we made it possible by building these data centers uh for the internet to be connected together so that we can uh find anything >> and so the fir the the previous industrial order we could power anything. Now we can find anything and where we are today we created this technology called artificial intelligence where given information given context it can reason about it can reason about the information that you gave it so that it can answer and do anything. You can even use tools like for example instead of you and I using a web browser or you and I using uh PowerPoint Excel or you know a 3D design tool called you know AutoCAD or Blender or something like that. This software can reason about what you asked it to do take the context the information that you need it to do your intentions and it does the work
for you. And the latest generation from OpenAI called Astra is incredible. You just tell Astra, "Here's a picture of my backyard. Um, here's some other uh here's some examples that I would like, maybe a pool or a garden I like to place in it. I want you to now turn it into a design file for my gardeners and my carpenters so that they could do that backyard for me or design that house for me, um, build that house for me." And so Astra uses all the necessary tools and the images that you gave it and it creates the CAD files for the house or the kitchen or the backyard. It's incredible. And so that's what AGI does. Now what what is necessary, however, is we now need a new type of infrastructure. Instead of a power generator, instead of a data center for the internet, we now need a artificial intelligence AI factory. It's an AI factory. Energy comes into it, data comes into it, and these numbers
we call tokens, but basically reformulated into intelligence. I know that sounds complicated, but basically energy comes in, intelligence comes out and it it basically is an AI factory. >> Input output. It's as simple as that. And of course, these factories have a lot of computers inside that Nvidia makes. And and so now the question is um uh how big would this industry be? Now it turns out that just about every part of the economy and every human uh we like to know things. We're like we like to do things. Maybe we like to, you know, automate our shopping. Maybe we want to u automate the planning of a of a vacation or a trip and find us the best fairs. Um uh so on so forth. I just gave you the example of maybe we want to improve our backyard or design a new kitchen. And so every single industry has information work to do and with the world's industries call it a hundred trillion dollars of
economy and out of that some 15 trillion dollars of it um would benefit from more intelligence uh than it currently has. And so these factories is a layer that goes around every single country. Every company will use it. And um that's the reason why there's so many of these data centers. This is going to be a multi-t trillion dollar industry. Now the question the question then becomes how do we think about these data centers from America's perspective. And and so the thing to realize is that this is the first time in a 100 years well at least first time in 50 years that we have an opportunity to reindustrialize the United States meaning bring manufacturing back to United States. Now, of course, this is manufacturing of something that's invisible, just like power generation was. >> Not exactly your car manufacturing. That's right. Tradition. >> It's not manufacturing atoms. It's manufacturing
electrons. Okay. If you will, it's invisible. And and um uh but it's manufacturing nonetheless. And it's creating all kinds of manufacturing jobs across the United States as you know. uh the the construction workers, electricians, the the fitters, the the designers, the the builders, everybody is so incredibly busy because they're building out the several trillion dollars worth of AI factories across America. And so this is the part that is really exciting to me is that this is the first time in several decades that the the bluecollar workers, the the builders, the crafts people are of our country, this is their great opportunity. and all of them are enjoying such prosperity now. And I I love seeing that we we have a real shortage of electricians and and and construction workers. But this is just a wonderful opportunity for United States to re-industrialize, be a manufacturing country again,
for us to um uh uh create opportunities for the blue collar workers and and all the builders of our of our of our country and to bring back building and manufacturing again. And so I think it's incredible. So it's creating all kinds of jobs. >> A lot of people don't see data centers as a manufacturing story. So I think it's interesting. >> That's right. Yeah. It's just a new version of manufacturing just as I as I said earlier. Um power generation is a man it's industry. Power generation is industrial and you have people in there that's building these factories and and uh it has to be built. It's built by builders and data centers are just manufacturing the new version. Um, and this new version and of manufacturing products is it's invisible. It's numbers. I know it's it's weird to be manufacturing numbers. Um, but that's essentially what it is.