Today I'm chatting with three of my AI researcher friends from whom I learn a lot every time we talk, and who also work in fairly open labs and companies, so they can say things officially.  I am accompanied by Baron Milliard, who is the chief technology officer of Zyfra, which develops open-source models; John Schulman, who is the chief scientist at Thinking Machines, was formerly a co-founder of OpenAI and led the RLHF work that led to ChatGPT;  and Charlie O'Neil, who is the head of model training at Base 10. The first question I have is: if it's 2036, 10 years have passed and we don't have billions of crazy superintelligences running around and radically transforming the world. What is the most likely reason why that doesn't end up being the case?  Aside from some kind of exogenous political shock, or if there's a war, or they ban AI, or something like that, what's the most likely technical
reason why we don't think 2036 will be a world of alien superintelligence?  In other words, my reasoning would be that it has to be something similar to what has been a classic case, almost like Moravec's paradox , isn't that right?  Well, as we see, you know, we think that AI is like, if it could do this, it would be amazing, right?  As if he could solve these difficult mathematical problems , as if he could win at chess , blah, blah, blah, and then he solves these things and then it doesn't have that much of an impact. Obviously, it has some impact, but not everything.  It's as if, somehow, that continues and the true spark of generalization never occurs. I think that could lead to AI being extremely good at everything that people put in a benchmark, in an environment, but there still being something persistent from simulation to reality, which somehow blocks everything.  I think this is
unlikely.  I think we actually already see this type of generalization even in turn-based learning in practice.  But if it is ridiculously difficult to generalize meta-learning , besides not solving continuous learning, it is simply super difficult and impossible.  Yes. This would be my default scenario in that case. Yes, I agree.  I would say that humans have many advantages over models now, and every time a new model comes out, it will catch up in some of these areas.  But, uh, it's like you end up having bottlenecks in the places where the model is weakest and where it has, uh, worse judgment or, uh, the models can't self-check well enough.  Yes, so there is this cycle that repeats itself over and over again , where people think, uh , when a new model comes out and people are amazed and say, "This is it, this is general AI," but then they use it a little bit and after a month or so it
starts to seem silly. So that cycle could continue, and it's difficult to predict how many times it will repeat itself.  And, well, right now you're not getting explosive growth in capabilities because you still have bottlenecks big enough when you try to do research and engineering that , even though the model can write much more code than a person, it doesn't make you a hundred times more productive. But yes, so perhaps there are simply more of these cycles than we would have expected. For me, it's more a question of to what extent this global optimum of learner that you could have on a chip is like the transformer plus machine learning.  Basically, like the current recipe.  Yes. So , I think people imagine that even once you have an agent that's better than all humans in AI research, even if it's 0.1% better than all humans, the fact that you can run hundreds of thousands, if not millions,
of these in parallel, and you can run them much faster (as chips can speed up ), that will overcome any other bottlenecks, and eventually, you'll just achieve this takeoff very quickly with recursive self-improvement.  I could imagine that if we continue on the trajectory we're currently on with that paradigm where , you know, it's basically like self-attention machine learning, expanding machine learning environments, I guess if you think about what happened with Moore's Law, right?  As if we had this very nice straight line and it would last for a very, very long time.  But there were many discontinuities and discrete innovations that had to occur to maintain that law of scale.  And the same thing has happened with LLMs.  For example, we had this law of pre-workout scaling and then it was like, you know, reaching diminishing returns.  And then we came up with the RL and solved it.  And
then we got this new curve of diminishing returns that made it still look like an upward straight line .  Therefore, if another of those discontinuities is required to solve, I am not sure that the current method of training LLMs with these RL environments, even the RL environments aimed at RSI, will be able to discover that discontinuity.  And if not, we'll probably encounter this asymptotic curve where... So, do you think the discontinuity will be more difficult than anything else that has emerged since 2012? If we had the answer to that, we would have the ability to implement it.  But perhaps we should make a distinction between discontinuity, which in fact adds to what is our current paradigm.  Again, it's kind of cumulative. As if there were something beyond RL that we have to discover.  Maybe they'll be able to, you know, connect the dots on that straight line.  Or, but again, how far
are we from the global optimum? Do we have to go back and discard, you know, gradient descent and neural networks in general?  And I don't think that if you keep expanding the current paradigm and the LM, no matter how many LMs you're running, they'll necessarily be able to discover that it's too far gone. Yes, the only hope is that deep learning does not lead us to an AI that can at least dominate human research and development, including the human ability to devise new paradigms, etc.  Or, I don't know, maybe humans would never have discovered the next learning architecture, but they could have discovered it at some point. But it seems that, I don't know.  If we look at the progress that's been made since 2012 and we continue on this path, I know it's been driven by a huge amount of computing scaling, etc., but it would be surprising if it didn't reach the point where it could overtake
humans, at least in R&D. Especially in the next few years, there's going to be... Ryan Greenblatt was on the podcast recently .  He pointed out that, as you can imagine, as AIs become more and more capable and are able to advance in simulations, it incentivizes improvement not only in AI R&D, but in science in general.  Therefore, this is something that all laboratories and many startups are aiming for.  Another idea that occurs to me is that, if we look at the Elo rating of chess robots since the 1980s, there is a very linear increase in Elo over time.  But there is a major discontinuity as they cross the human range: human experts always win against AI, and human experts never win against AI.  As this linear increase in Elo occurs, you might think I agree with your point that, so far, AI capabilities haven't been that important in terms of their ultimate economic impact on the world, but
that's simply because they are slowly increasing in Elo relative to humans. Yes. Yes, I mean, I agree that it would be very... I mean, the only way this won't happen is if, as you said, we somehow reach asymptotes, like just before, basically because, in my opinion, we're already pretty close to where we'll start crossing the human Elo rating threshold.  And then we'll have to hit asymptotes before that, and that's the only way that, you know, in this scenario, I guess, somehow, we're sitting here in 2035 and everything is normal for this to happen, I think.  Yes, I mean , the only other way is for there to be drastic regulation of AI. Yes. It's as if this is the most likely way this scenario will actually happen, rather than the technical issue. Yes, I think there are different types of research.  There are research projects that use a structured research style, where the objective is already
very clearly specified and you are optimizing that objective.  And I think everyone imagines that if we continue down this path , such as reducing pre- training losses and improving machine learning environments, that will lead to improvement.  But, as you know , perhaps what Ryan is talking about is this much more open kind of science , which is necessary for paradigm shifts, in which we cannot specify the objective and neither can AI.  We need to be very, very careful with the way we specify the objectives for any of these things. And perhaps what you mean is that the nature of the advances that have occurred since 2012 is that we have discovered that in 2012 people weren't saying... I guess I don't know, you guys were there, or at least Johnny, you were there, but I wasn't, I was in elementary school.  In fact, I'm curious to know where the wisdom of the ages has gone, or the wisdom of
having been in the trenches a long time ago.  But presumably a major breakthrough was realizing that predicting the next token is something you wouldn't have thought the fast execution of nanos would be what needed optimizing back in 2014. But now that we've reached this new paradigm, you wouldn't think of doing fast execution on that and having AI get really good at it.  But perhaps there is a subsequent internal optimization cycle that AI would not anticipate.  And then there's an external revenue cycle or something like that which should eventually become strong, but it's a very slow external cycle. Yes, in fact, I remember in the early days of open AI having a feeling that just doing something like minimizing log loss wouldn't actually lead to intelligence, because, well, the important thing is that we account for such a small fraction of the loss that it would be overwhelmed by the noise.
 So, just training a language model on predicting the next token simply wasn't going to teach you the interesting things you wanted to learn.  And we needed to develop better goals that placed more emphasis on the important things.  And you can make all sorts of arguments for this, and you could say, "Oh, humans probably don't learn to model everything in their environment. Most people can't create a photorealistic reproduction of some kind of scene they've seen."  So there must be , we must need a better goal.  But then it turned out that it just worked anyway. And as you pointed out, the internal loop, even in current AI research, such as post-training benchmarks or whatever, doesn't necessarily translate into what users like. Oh yes, I mean, the whole field is very dependent on generalization, and it 's very difficult to predict when you'll get generalization or when you'll get some kind
of off-distribution generalization. So we know that if you train on the task that matters to you, you'll do better. Yes. But the most important advances are usually the kinds of generalizations we have a right to expect.  For example, from pre-training on this very naive next token prediction goal to various tasks of interest, some of which require a deep understanding of the input or learning some skill from pre-training that is very rare and not very well represented.  And then also the generalization of these verifiable tasks to other less verifiable ones.  This is also a type of generalization that there is no reason to expect a priori. Yes, yes.  That.  Well, this is an interesting question because one intuition you might have about why you would see, ahem, some sort of singularity very quickly without even increasing the inputs for AI progress that aren't just AI work, is that before
every experiment you run, which is, you know, a seven-figure experiment, you spend an equivalent amount of computation on AI work.  And so you have automated versions of yourselves that spend a century thinking about what the optimal experiment is to perform, doing small-scale ablations, literally developing like a century's worth of theory. So, going back even before deep learning.  And before deciding which experiment to perform, do something extremely optimal, such as setting up the experiment.  Then you spend ages thinking after the experiment is over, kind of analyzing what happened and what the next experiment should be. Yes. Well, I think if you think about it enough, you probably could have expected some of these things beforehand.  For example, there is probably some very clever way to do a small-scale experiment that allows you to build a theory that will then be generalized to
a large- scale experiment.  Therefore, I would expect that , for example, we are nowhere near the limit of how well research can be done, and I envision a future where AI is doing a lot of analysis and building theories, spending an amount of computing power comparable to what you spend on the experiments themselves, doing various types of analysis and building a theory around what we have seen so far . I think there are very concrete examples of this when the objective is well specified.  Therefore, again, all that thinking can do is update your posterior based on, you know, the bits you've gained since you formed your anterior.  You can't get new bits just by thinking.  But when the objective is well specified and data is available, I imagine there will be a great acceleration in the current paradigm we are in.  A good example of this is that, if you have an AI that thinks about the scaling
laws of the cat plan, an AI at this point would have realized that, well, they've only taken these intermediate control points and have n't taken annealing into account.  And that's incorrect.  And he would have detected that years earlier.  We would have made progress, we would have managed to cut one or two years of progress simply with that observation made by an artificial intelligence.  And again, once the goal is well specified, which is like less pre- training loss or whatever, there are many, many good examples where, if you thought about it a little more, you could have significantly reduced the things you've done.  So, how does the new P and how does the learning rate scale with the model size, and realize that the model width is also important in that.  I feel like you can really backtrack on a lot of these things and cut a lot of fruit.  So I imagine a 10x acceleration if our
goal is simply to maximize the objective we're currently working towards, but I don't see how that generalizes at all to, you know, reaching the right objective in the first place.  So, just thinking doesn't necessarily buy you the right goal in the first place.    I mean, yes, I think this is really the key question for any kind of very fast ASI like the current ASIs: how can ASIs be generalized to learn their own objectives?  Because to have any kind of self-propelled automated loop, you need the AI ​​to propose goals, well, figure them out, propose a new goal, and for this not to derail at any point for a long time.  Going back to the Movic paradox, there could be a case in the Movic paradox where we think about this type of autonomy and in a way encapsulate ourselves so that we can, you know, think about what we should do ourselves and then do it and have this loop is very easy because
we always do this.  And, obviously, evolution needs to create creatures that can survive on their own for long periods of time.  And this could be something that, for some reason, is very difficult for AI, in the same way that locomotion is very difficult, while math is very easy for us despite being very difficult for us.    I do n't know, doesn't the increased time horizon suggest that's the case? Yes, exactly.  I mean, this is another possibility, but I agree there's no obvious evidence of this; in fact, the fact that our agents are now very persistent and it's crazy to do this is kind of evidence against it.  But this could be, you know, one of the potential reasons why we didn't get this immediate takeoff, if it 's difficult.    Looking back from 2012 to now, or perhaps from when you started researching until now, what part of all the innovations that have occurred since then, including
purely engineering ones, including purely conceptual ones, seems like it would be the last thing humans would have to do before AI completely automates AI R&D? Probably, it's simply a matter of intuitively asking the right questions. For example, if you can get AI to do any experiment, you have to decide which experiments to do.  And right now I think AI isn't very good at this compared to coding experiments. Yes. Whenever we talk about research, they propose a lot of miscellaneous things that are very, very small steps. Or even move away from DeepMind's approach that we're going to solve intelligence by learning to play games at a superhuman level.  That will be the approach used by any researcher like Radford, who will say: "I'm going to try to predict the next token from a very wide swath of data ."  And then, even after Radford figured it out, right?  It took some time before people decided
to expand it because the idea of ​​expanding it had to be considered, as well as the fact that these things could be predicted very reliably.  Yes. Yes. I would say that the ultimate job for humans, or the role for humans that will last the longest, is to define the goal and decide what we really want.  In that same vein, something like deciding how the AI ​​or assistant should behave, or what it really means to be useful, or what the goal is when we work with all of this based on human feedback, is precisely one of those things I'm referring to.  And then, later on, defining the constitutions and specifications of the model, yes, that's another thing.  And I think that, even if AI can do all the technical work, we will still have to do much more and decide what we really want. Yes. Alignment is the final step Yes, alignment is a kind of answer, but alignment itself can also be broken down
into a kind of goal specification, or figuring out what the right goal should be, and then actually achieving or optimizing the goal you've defined.  And I believe that the first one of them is not going to disappear in the short term. Yes. And if I think about a post-training team and why you need so many people on the team, it's simply because there are so many different areas where you have to figure out how the model should behave .  And the thing is, there's no way to... there's no way to...it would be very difficult to automate the whole thing just because someone has to think about how the model should behave in this area. Jane Street began using Artifice Assist to test their software in early 2025. And they were so impressed with the product that they decided to invest in the company.  I recently met with Ron Minsky, who co-directs the technology group at Jane Street, to ask him how
Antithesis fits in. What I think is most impressive about Antithesis is that we started using it on a team that was creating highly secure software and being very careful, and yet it was still able to eliminate bugs that would otherwise have been very difficult to find.  And that's important because it helps make those systems more reliable, but also because it helps the teams that create them move faster. This becomes more relevant as code production becomes automated. I think that, in general, as we use more agents, the main problem one encounters is the bottleneck in verification.    It's simply the time it takes people to look at the code and figure out if it's something you really want to accept in your production software. And the tools that improve testing are incredibly useful in that regard.  They simply alleviate the verification bottleneck and allow you to do more and move faster
because you can have more confidence that the code generated by the agent is not introducing new problems. To see how Antithesis fits into your development process, visit antithesis.com/morecash. What is the reason why there is no major consolidation among model suppliers?  There are many things that point to centralization here.  Is there anything?  Yes, if we analyze the course of the years, is there really anything that will prevent that from happening in the end? Yes, I think distillation is the main thing that fights the centralizing force because, basically, anything that can be learned through RL can be distilled very easily because it's a small amount of bits.  It's something that can be learned from a small amount of data.  Therefore, if model trajectories, i.e., behavior, can be collected, it can be easily distilled. Therefore, I believe that distillation is one of the things that
combat centralization.  There is also the possibility that there are company-specific models from which to learn through implementation, and that the company can continuously improve its own model.  And such a system could be provided by the current oligopoly of model suppliers or by some other smaller company .  But I think that will change the rules of the game a bit. Yes, and I also want to point out that continuous learning doesn't stop the distillation, right?  Even if the model keeps improving every day, you could be constantly distilling it.  Therefore, it's as if the loops could operate at the same rate. Sure, that makes sense.  Okay, copy the model's behavior.  I suppose you need to know what the correct distribution is in order to request the relevant model behavior. Ah yes, to simply distill with supervised learning, the distribution of requests is extremely important.  Therefore
, distilling a model is not trivial , even if you have full access to it and have the thought process and everything.  Yes, it's not trivial to distill all of its useful capabilities, because you need to ask the model for something and you need to ask it with realistic requests; you need to have a really wide distribution of realistic requests.  So, yes, one thing that has come to light recently is that some of the Chinese companies are probably using these router services that are designed to allow people in China to use US border models that would otherwise be blocked in China.  But there are all these router or proxy services that allow people in China to use these models mainly for encoding.  And these router services collect and sell some of the data. Therefore, I believe this is a very useful dataset for distillation because it gives you the perfect indication distribution. Yes. I think
this is one of those things where AI helps a lot.  For example, if you look at, for example, the frontier pipelines or, for example, the Chinese models that they include in their articles, there are many humans or they get initial indications from somewhere, which is a combination of humans [] this kind of data, and then they synthesize a broad coverage of those initial indications using their existing models or the other frontier models.  Therefore , it's as if you could automate much of this gathering of instructions, distribution, and environment creation.  It's as if humans need to provide fewer and fewer bits as the models improve. Correct.  Or so it seems, it seems that you are still limited by having a service that has users or users who are passing through it. So, not necessarily, I mean , yes, that's obviously very useful , but in theory you can think about what users want or do
n't want, but it's like the goal is for the user not to say, "Make me an app like this."  Oh, that didn't work.  Actually, I want you to create this new feature, but then relist it and do this other thing.  And capturing all that trail is, or to the extent that you could have done it anyway, then you just have RSI anyway. Yes, I mean, ultimately , if you have this loop fully automated, that's basically RSI, right?  It's as if the AI ​​decides, the data decides the training, that 's the loop.  But yes, I mean, it depends on how much human information you need.  As if at some point you said, "I want traces that look like this ."  You tell the model.  The model will be able to provide a fairly good approximation. If you want to do something like become a good politician, you have to anticipate the new, like what would a debate in the Senate halls be like or something like that? Yes, I mean,
there are going to be a lot of things.  Ironically, I think this is easier for distillers than for cutting-edge laboratories, don't you?  Because distillers simply say, "I want a good politician."  They are moving to the cutting-edge model.  The avant-garde model already knows how to be a good politician. Therefore, it simply generates these traces.  Whereas, if you really want to build the first model that does this, you have to somehow obtain data on what politicians do every day and build it.  Therefore, it is much easier to say I want something like this and then have AI produce a billion variations than to create something like this in the first place. I think a very specific prediction can be made based on this observation that Chinese labs have this router dollar. Therefore, I think what this originally did was that I said, "Isn't it strange how Sonnet 5 and Opus 5 are, like, almost
objectively worse models than the GLM 5.3 K Mi K3, even though they have had access not only to distillation but to the logical distillation of, say, Methos?"  And then the counterattack here was something like: "Well, the distribution of indications really matters. It's like you need to see what users are doing in order to distill these kinds of behaviors and things."  I think the prediction here is that frontier labs don't necessarily have much of an advantage, if any, in RL environments now because, yes, user distribution matters for overall behavior, etc., but the best measure of a capability is the very, very hard RL environments you 've created at the frontier.  And then, if you have access to those RL environments like Anthropic and you have access to a larger distillation and you 've still created a worse model, then maybe the real-world application matters more than the environment.
 That's really interesting.  But they had to incentivize those capabilities first in Fable or in the frontier model.  And it's strange that they can't incentivize them again. Yes. Or with a smaller model or something like that . Perhaps we are in this strange uncanny valley where, you know, we try too hard to copy that frontier model.  As if the gap between students and teachers or whatever was too big, and I think maybe people made this clear with Opus.  It's as if the difference between Opus 4.5 and Opus 5 is that Opus 5 really gives the feeling of having this kind of AI as a judge that checks every possible thing it has done.  It's like that's why they use so many tokens, they try to think about all these things, but they don't necessarily have that great Fable-like model smell to know when to stop doing that or when it's a good path to follow or whatever. The investigation sees the grass.
Yes. Yes, we would offer a slightly different hypothesis.  So, I would say there are a couple of different axes for the environments you can create.  And one of them is difficulty and the other is realism.  It is fairly easy to create, or comparatively easy to create, many difficult environments.  Such as those that involve doing a much more complicated task or doing something that requires much more intelligence.  And you could say that this is like the reference distribution because many of the most prominent benchmarks just involve doing a very difficult task, like a puzzle, that's easy to verify.  And then there's something like the realism axis, where you want the model to be good in the realistic coding agent environment, where there are like multiple back-and- forths with the human and there are like multiple goals.  And as I would say, the people in the labs who are working out the
model's behavior for the first time need to put effort in both directions, and to get good model behavior you need to put a lot of effort into the realism axis and have rubrics or some kind of human feedback that informs the reward function you use there.  But I think that when you try to do a naive distillation, you end up simply matching the professor on the benchmarks in the distribution.  But if you don't have enough environments that actually exercise the skills in these more complex, realistic settings, then you're not going to get them incorporated into your student model.  And I think that perhaps one of the things that is happening is that large models generalize better from limited and complicated tasks to these more realistic types of tasks.  So , if you have a realistic and very good distribution of indications for distillation, you can match the large model very well.  But, if
you only have this easily verifiable distribution of tasks , then you can match the larger model on all benchmarks.  But you fare worse in this broader distribution.  So that might even explain something about smaller anthropic models like Sonnet 5, although it's hard to predict exactly what they're doing to train those models afterward.    It could also be that they are always changing their post-training stack , and they simply made some mistakes in some of these models.  So, I don't know, they raised it a bit too high and created some quirks that people really do n't like.  Therefore, it is very easy to ruin subsequent training in some way that does not appear in the benchmarks.    I mean , but just one very basic point is that, just like cutting-edge AI labs buy all the data from big data companies, the Chinese can also buy the same data from data companies.  And they are;  Many people
are annoyed by this, but if they have the exact same data and the means to purchase it, they can also distill it;  This means that it's quite easy to keep up with the whole process. Yes, yes, yes.  Okay, the other question I had is: how will the first models capable of automating AI R&D actually be trained ?  Because there's a toy version, which is this thing Ryan was talking about , which is simply having GPT-8s to try and build GPT-3-sized models that are really good at internal loop-type challenges to beat video games that require continuous learning or just reaching a certain loss with, for example, the least amount of computation, etc.  But John, I think you've said something interesting, which may not be how it will happen in practice.  So I'd like to know how you'll likely train them when the time comes that you're able to automate our R&D. Yes, I think we'll probably do a combination
of learning from human feedback to absorb the researchers' preferences and creating many practice environments that involve carrying out multi-step research projects.  So I think that, in practice, people will do a combination of those two things and, in each iteration, patch what seems to be most broken in the last iteration.  Researchers will use AI a lot, and we'll notice that it has some persistent weaknesses, and then those things will be patched by gathering human feedback or creating environments. Yes, that makes sense. Perhaps a useful way to think about this is how much of the lineage we revert and then let the user play from there.  I think at the extreme, as you can imagine, you just give them a GPU and maybe neural networks or something and tell them, okay, figure out how to train a model to do this particular task.  The way it currently works is that we get to the edge of the
lineage and say, "Okay, here are the bugs that Anthropic has found in its training stack over the past few months; we'll turn these into environments that you need to train in to improve at the frontier."  So obviously you block all previous lineage history, but you could imagine a world where you go back to , you know, before GRPO or something, and then you have environments trying to figure out what's best for RL models.  And then, maybe, you go back further and further, but I think we'll continue to have so many computing bottlenecks that people will continue to stay on the frontier and basically compare the bugs and improvements they found since the last version of the model, turning them into training environments. But it's also very good for having new, non-steel data between model generations.  It's simply ... Again, it's basically continuous learning within the AI ​​lab that involves
distilling the last 3 months of AI research progress through environments and things like RLHF back into the model itself. And it's distillation, right?  And perhaps that's why some of us feel it's asymptotic, as if you're always trying to make the last 3 months of progress.  And that progress is being contributed to by AI, of course, but there are still humans in the loop and it seems that, you know, you're getting closer and closer to what human researchers are discovering and are capable of doing. Yes. I mean, all I'll say is that, obviously, if you're just distilling into trajectories, you'll never be able to overcome it, but environments can go far beyond what humans can do.  It's very easy to design an environment that no human can solve, but AI can always distill it and try to solve it. And that would be the way forward, like the research into human AI.  Do you have any examples in
terms of RSI or, you know, working on translation? But doing it even faster than a human speedrunner.  Yes. I mean , I think in AI research, especially, it's very easy to define goals, like, you know, you could say the loss should be 1.3 or something, and no human can achieve that, you know, right now. But it's an extremely measurable and verifiable task in AI; if AI can do it, then great. Or I don't know, build a model with 100 million parameters that surpasses Minecraft.  It might be too easy , but it beats much more complicated games or something like that.  Isn't it crazy to call a model with 100 million parameters to beat Minecraft too easy?  Imagine if I had said that 5 years ago. I would say that much of research is not exactly like that, where it's about climbing a hill towards a well-defined goal.  It's more like: "We have an intuition about how the models should be improved" and
we also have an idea for an algorithm that seems to go somewhat in this direction.  So , let's devise a task that is designed to show signs of life in this approach.  And, for example, to see if we get any signs of life.  And if we do that, we can make successively more realistic versions of the task. Correct.  He is much more guided by intuition.  And then, the inner loop consists of either obtaining the intuition or testing that intuition instead of the test itself leading to the idea. Correct.  As if you weren't directly optimizing for the ultimate goal that matters to you or the practical production objective.  It's as if you're relaxing your objective a little .  You're saying, "Yes, let's relax a little on the axis of realism and find some methods that actually work."  And then, we'll try to return to realism later on , when the method has matured a bit. Yes. And then there is also
research that is more focused on explaining things and developing a theory or a kind of...yes, we often don't have mathematical theories in machine learning that are predictive;  But we have, let's say, a large number of more informal theories about what's going on . Yes, I mean, presumably the models will be trained on a combination of all these tasks.  And some will be very easy to verify.  Some will be like a trial or will simply ask the human if this seems reasonable.  And then you will sit down.  The hope would be that all of this would become generalized to these more difficult, vague, and diffuse types of tasks.  And it probably will to some extent if it becomes widespread enough that the cycle can become self-sealing without humans being in the cycle at all.    It 's not clear. Yes, yes, yes.  Well, maybe by taking a step back.  This is what I think the plan for AI research is in
the future.  Tell me if you think it will work or if you agree with this characterization. So, the bet is that we'll scale up RLVR training across millions of diverse environments in hundreds of different types of domains, and what will emerge at the other end is an agent that has learned these basic, or less-than-basic, skills around being persistent, being able to classify information and context, and ultimately having end-to-end optimization of working with other agents and things like that.  And this agent will be very efficient at sampling within the context.  You know, you've researched how to really scale learning in context to be arbitrarily long, but you keep scaling it, and so what comes out at the other end will be something that basically functions like a great remote worker over the course of a week or a month.  Firstly, do you agree that this is the laboratories' strategy, and
secondly, is it sufficient? Basically, learning how to learn within these simulations, inside a data center.  And then implement it in the real world, but not really learn from the real-world implementation, just learn these meta-skills from simulated environments in the data center. Yes, I think it's now difficult to separate what part of the labs' effort is going towards direct RSI versus creating general smart models that they can continue to implement to raise revenue to fund the next big training series.  Yes, I think that for the latter, yes, they're probably only making a little bit of a profit .  As and and the pattern of where these environments have been heading in recent years is very clear.    I mean, Anthropic's lineage of environments is a very clear example of this.  As you know, we first focus on coding and we're going to be very good at that.  And then there's the horizon
of tasks we have from coding, which is probably the easiest fruit to reach in terms of data available on the internet to create environments, like your own internal material that you can turn into environments.  Then we will generalize.  We're going to get into finance next, and literally a lot of Excel data and all that kind of stuff in our training.  And then, you know, there are the PowerPoints.  It's like this long tail of the labor economy, and that seemed to work very well, and as many of the other labs and even open-source labs have now realized, that was the right bet. But what does that imply?  When I invited Dario to the podcast, I asked him if he really expected models to be similar to humans in their ability to learn on the job. Why would he try to incorporate all those skills from working with PowerPoint or something like that? Wouldn't he expect the model to be able to pick
it up as it's being implemented?  Yes, there are several different explanations.  One is that we expect the models to arrive soon, but they haven't yet. So why not leverage these skills during training? Another is that we don't focus on making it really good at the job of widespread implementation.  We just want it to be really good in RSI .  And this is simply a way to generate revenue in order to reinvest it in a model that is capable of doing an excellent job in developing RSI;  And then, once the singularity occurs, what comes out on the other side will be really good in all the things that seem like bottlenecks for the current generation of models.  I don't know if you have any idea about how, how much I can learn, why there is so much task-specific knowledge in these models if the path is like this kind of generalization. Yes. I mean, if the models were good enough at learning in context,
then, in theory, they wouldn't need financial training; they'd simply be able to figure it out, read all the books on the fly, and work out how to do everything in the appropriate jurisdiction.  Yes, and you could argue that you need to do a lot of this domain-specific training just to make them more efficient.  So even if they were smart enough to work this out on the fly, you might still want to do a lot of water cooling and bake all these intuitions into the weights.  Therefore, the model would be more efficient in runtime. Yes. Yes, I would say that in practice, it seems that model providers go domain by domain and try to strengthen models in the highest value domain.  And I would say that's one of the answers to why the models have improved so much.  It's simply because model providers have covered many of the high-value domains and the most common skill types.  I mean , I think another
thing is that it's not that expensive to do both things at the same time, right?  Because the models are huge, they can easily afford to learn everything in terms of their parameters.  And there is likely to be some transfer, even if finances are not specifically important to the RSI information.  The general meta-learning of how to figure out what is important, how to have taste, how to do a long-term job is potentially generalizable.  And there isn't that much RSI data in the world, by the way.  It is a little difficult to generate and, moreover, it requires a lot of effort.  So, if you can amortize this other data, get some transfer value from it, you already have a lot of compute space and parameters, so why not do it?  In addition, of course, to the direct commercial incentive of selling your own business model. Yes, that makes sense. Well, yes, I will add that, well, there is a doubt
as to whether this current paradigm of doing something like simulation to reality will be the dominant one forever.  Basically, you look at what real-world tasks are like and then try to create a bunch of environments that can be simulated, like in the data center, and you can do real-world simulation in them.  And I think that, obviously, this has been very successful, but it has many weaknesses because many things are difficult to simulate, especially if they involve interacting with a lot of humans in real time.  Yes, therefore there are some doubts about whether Sim-to-Real will remain the dominant framework forever. I think Sim-to-Real has to be the dominant framework, while the efficiency of samples is low because right now you need thousands and thousands of interactions with humans and no human is going to sit there and deal with this, basically being the RL training cycle. Yes. So
now we had to simulate that to get the samples you need, but obviously if the efficiency of the samples improves a lot, you would expect learning from implementation to become a much bigger part. Although there are other things you could do, such as learning outside of politics so you don't take all the leads, and even without simulating everything again, you can potentially learn something from them. Jane Street has just launched a new competition and it is the most ambitious one yet .  Design an ASIC protocol emulator.  Basically, if you have a chip you want to test, you can connect it to this ASIC and then this ASIC will simulate realistic traffic. That way you can see how the chip responds without having to connect it to a live system.  Jane Street seeks flexible, general-purpose designs , not single-protocol emulators .  When I spoke with them, they suggested that I start by trying to
implement what are apparently three very common protocols: UART, SPI, and I2C.  Jane Street also mentioned that they expected the more ambitious designs to also address USB and low-speed Ethernet, and any other protocols that would make your chip's specific architecture more flexible.  It's important that your design is reprogrammable instead of having to implement a bunch of specific protocols on a chip.  If a new protocol comes out after your ASIC is ready, your chip should still be able to handle it.  Exactly how you do it is up to you, but there is one strict restriction.  Your design should target an open-source 130nm process node .  This is because Jane Street will pay to record the most innovative submissions and send physical copies to the winners.  The competition is open until January 18, 2027, and teamwork is strongly recommended. Go to janestreet.com/sworc ash to download the
template code and get started.  I want to ask more about this because it's a bit strange that 50% of the computer's time is spent on inference and doesn't directly help improve the model.  One of the key advantages I would expect digital minds to have is that, unlike a human who has 50 years of real-world experience, a model will experience, through all its instances, I don't know , millions of years of implementation in all kinds of economically relevant work in the economy.  And right now, that data doesn't help the model improve significantly.  It seems so obvious that, over time, the models should be able to learn from this data, and once they do, you'd have something that would almost feel like a burst of widely deployed intelligence because the model is assimilating so much information across all these deployed instances.  But when do you expect this kind of hive-mind madness to start
happening ? Think broadly, as if this is already happening at a very basic level , right?  As in the next generation of models.  Right now you can always take your implementation data and put it into the pre-training or intermediate phase of future models. Especially if you do some kind of filtering or some kind of judgment or annotation or a recent synthesis of it.  To what extent do you think that explains the improvement from generation to generation? It explains quite a bit.  I mean, especially, I don't know if the labs do this because, in theory, they claim that they don't train with people's data.  But the Chinese do it 100% and definitely gain this advantage, obviously, by implementing it. Basically, this is what distillation is: they take over the models, get some of their implementation data, get a fraction of that by pinging the model, and then train the next generation of models
on it. And suddenly they can do it on their own models too; there's no reason not to. I completely agree with this .  I think if you step back far enough, this is definitely happening. As you can imagine, and we all imagine that this is what continuous learning is, the holy grail, it's like this very, very organic live cycle of an individual model getting a live experience and update in the moment and learning from it.  And many things break down when you approach that level of granularity, but yes, the big labs are doing this, like closed models, they are doing it.  There are also early signs that people are using open-source models, and doing so at a much faster pace.  So, a good example is probably Composer.  Um, you have some kind of model and you're able to, or like, you know, Harvey is doing the same thing with legal agents.  It's like you're getting very specific environments from
the data you have for that particular task and things that, you know, users complain about.  And like all the feedback you somehow extract from your specific implementations, many of these companies have the advantage over the big labs in that they can use this data very, very well.  Yes. And then they will create environments.  They'll like, you know, doing a great Kimmy K3 post-workout.  They will implement it.  They could also do some online learning, like Composer did online, basically like reinforcing over a long period of time. Well, yes, there's still a human in the circuit.  There's still a human saying, "Well, these are the signals that matter to us. This is how we're going to create environments from the data we have."  And then it's like a longer cadence than you might be thinking, but it's really happening.  And over time that circuit will get faster and faster.    I mean, the
Composer thing is interesting because here's where the model, like in Cursor, shows people either pressing the Tab key or not pressing it on the next completion that the model suggests.  And based on that, Cursor improves every day at predicting the next user. That was the old Tab model.  They did exactly the same thing for the actual generative model, not just for the Tab model, but for the other one as well. Interesting. And it was difficult because when you do online reinforcement learning, you don't have groups, right?  You just have one user saying one thing and then you get an implementation.  And then you have a big variance reduction problem.  And Cursor's somewhat vague response to this was something like: "Oh, you know, we have very good heuristics that are able to estimate, for example, how much better than average this response was or how much worse than average this response
was." And then they would do something like a big booster update, and then their solution for knowing if it was getting worse or not was something like: if it improved in Cursor Bench, they would implement the new model every 5 hours, and if it didn't, they would discard that version. Interesting. Yes, I think your biggest problem is really just not knowing what the reward function for natural data should be, and if you use some kind of surface signal like whether they accepted the code or the edit, the reward might somehow be hacked . But does this seem to be a bigger problem with simulation in reality , where the longer the task horizon, the harder it is to simulate them within a data center?  It seems to me that, at least potentially in coding, we are reaching a point where there is no year-long coding assignment that doesn't require talking to a client or interacting with the company
or interacting with users.  And if you think about the range of things we would like AI to be able to do, you want a superintelligence to eventually be able to run a business or start a new business and make it profitable, or have a profitable day trading operation in the markets, or win a lawsuit.  And all of these are things that are very difficult to simulate in a data center.  As if an inherent part of learning were interacting with the real world, perhaps they need to learn how to improve in these areas, such as transferring the simulation to the real world.  But on the other hand, you might need significant updates to these types of interactions to improve them.  And if that's the case, if the transfer isn't strong enough and requires updating the weights, then the fact that the models are so inefficient with the samples is perhaps a deeper problem.  And the reason I'm curious about
this is that I feel like, by default, I don't see how we won't get some kind of recursive madness from the previous event in the next 10 years.  But the only reason that might not happen is because of weight updates;  The sampling efficiency of these seems to still be far behind that of humans, right?  Possibly a million times behind humans in terms of the amount of data we use from birth to adulthood compared to what a model processes from its initial cold start to the end of its training.  And so, yes, all this is to say, first of all, is there going to be a good transfer between simulations and really complicated, extremely long-horizon things that we want AI to do in the real world?  And if not, does that really mean that the efficiency of the actual sample in these models will hurt us? I think, perhaps, the way I would break down the two types of tasks where models improve and models
that will continue to have problems is whether the task is cumulative or if you have to have this non-stationary distribution, you have to keep learning and, so to speak, relitigating a lot of things.  For example, RSA could be an example of a cumulative task.  In theory, it is possible to have a Python file with less than one million tokens that trains a model from scratch which is capable of performing a recursive self-improvement process .  And every discovery you make is a kind of line in the sand that you maintain.  For example, if it is true that, for RSI, we do not need to discover a new variant of care or whatever.  For example, once you've discovered attention and then once you've discovered, you know, a mix of experts, once you discover GRPO, you just add it to the training stack and that's it.  And a good example of this is, you know, the old 5.6 training, the 5.6 terol , whatever
OpenAI has instructed it to train.  As if I didn't have to go back and rediscover the attention.  As if it had basically called a bunch of scripts like pre-training.sh and pre-training.sh and just done that.  So that's an example of a cumulative task.  I think the real world, and the reason why people think so much about continuous learning, is that it's not actually a cumulative task .  Imagine that in a law firm you have an agent who acts as a legal associate.  It is a very non-stationary distribution. You have to be able to fit into your context all the relationships between all the important people in that company, which also change all the time.  Yes. You have all these implicit ways of knowing how things are done, where to find information, etc.  And that's not as clear an example of cumulative tasks as RSI is. Well, I think there will be a break between tasks.  But, you know, if labs
realize that and believe that RSI is cumulative in the sense that we don't need to go back and discover something new, like the architecture or whatever, then maybe they'll focus more and more effort and calculations on that instead of... It's a shame that RSI turned out to be easier than transfer learning. Yes. I don't know if you have any opinion on this. Yes, I would say that there are... current models are weaker than humans in many different ways, and some of them might have to do with sample efficiency in a given regime.  I mean, in some regimes, models are very efficient in sampling, such as contextual learning;  But then there might be some average length regime where they are less efficient in the sample because humans can do some kind of weight update more efficiently than the models.  Well, I think being less efficient at sampling in certain regimes could be one of the sources
of weakness, but then I think there are other sources of weakness that are completely different from that.  For example, having less diversity of thought than humans or, yes, being bad at certain types of long-term judgments.  I mean , I think a lot of what people call taste is something about behavior that works in the long run, and that people have realized works in the long run.  Not everything, but some aspects of taste, especially for something like software engineering, I think a large part of the taste is about which systems will be maintainable and will work well in the long term in this project.  So yes, the weaknesses of humans, which limit the RSI along with other things, are...yes , yes, there are a variety of them and some of them are related to sample efficiency and others are not. Perhaps an interesting thought experiment would be, for example, if you could give a model, for
example , a context window of, I don't know, a billion tokens, or whatever, you would have to have included your experience prior to, say, RLHF, and, as if it had all that experience in the context window, it would have the same sample efficiency and context learning ability as with a million tokens.  Do you think the taste issue is resolved? Would it be able to make the same judgments as you, or is something fundamental missing besides a longer context window with the same sampling efficiency? Yes, I mean, I would have to be trained to learn from that context.  So I'm not sure, either I would have to be trained to learn the correct update to make from that context or I would have to be trained to learn how to dump it all.  Like your whole life, as a research experience?    I mean, you still need the data to train it in context, but even if you could theoretically get like a trillion times
the amount of context, you'd still need a trillion times the length of data to train it, like right now if you have like 100 T times that, I'm just asking if you have that much. Yes, theoretically I think so.  I mean, this really boils down to the question of how meta-learnable taste is from shorter-horizon episodes.  And I feel like there's no obvious reason why it's so long because humans somehow develop a taste without having many long episodes, like we don't live to 10,000 or we, you know, develop pretty fast, right?  And then, you know , if you think about the difference between a first-year PhD student and a postdoc or something, it's like 5 years, and they've only done 10, 15, 30 research projects in total, but somehow they develop a taste quite quickly from a relatively short succession of small things.  And so, in theory , it is possible to develop it like that. Obviously, AI will
have much more to develop taste, such as meta-learning it, and then it's as if that generalizes well to things with a very long horizon.  I think that's the question that I believe is really not resolved at this point.  We don't know. Returning to this question, over time there should be a system where AIs learn a lot from each individual implementation instance they have.  Well, currently you could say that there is a meta-fuzzy process through which models do inform from the implementation, but I think it is a very weak feedback loop.    Do you see this on the horizon where there's something like hive mind learning that's very fast?  And if so , how exactly does it happen? Actually, I would say that in the future we will have a hive mind that learns from all its implementation experience.  I mean, a big part of it has to do with incentives rather than a technical issue.  Therefore, companies
will not want the model provider to learn from their entire implementation because that could reduce their business advantage. I think that perhaps the economics of this will not necessarily push for major upgrades to a large, shared, common model, but rather to the modules that are replaced. Therefore, a very obvious example is this, but it could be something else, like, you know, a lot of work has been done to try to fit an arbitrary context length to a fixed size. This is the whole thing about linear attention and all that kind of stuff, like cartridges, which are essentially KB caches trained to be very, very compressed KB caches so that they can fit a lot of information.  That's another example of, you know, something that companies might be willing to subscribe to if it's substituted in the model and not like actually changing the underlying base model itself .  Therefore, there are
many different versions of learning from your real-time data, and the latest ones don't really help large labs because they are just these modules.  But I think economic pressure will force labs to take that path first before they can embark on this, you know. So, what economic pressure is there?  Because I feel that even if you have a lot of cartridges or lawyers or whatever, you can take all these traces and distill all of this for the pre-training of your next generation of lawyers. Yes. So, it may be a more indirect form of learning that the big labs are getting, and it's obviously still very valuable to them.  But I can't imagine a world where we start with something like, you know, let's just train this big model directly with all the exact data we have. No, I think it will definitely go through stages because, I mean, this assumes it's just a discontinuous event where we suddenly fix,
like, heavyweight updates continuously, and in practice, I think it's much more likely that cartridges and things like that will allow you to specialize in the implementation. Then you generate traces and put them into your model.  About three months later, you manage to create the model that is better at this kind of thing.  You specialize it again and consolidate it again.  And eventually we'll make this leap faster and faster , so instead of launching a model every 3 months, it's now every week, then every day, and then every hour, at which point we'll have basically solved it. Yes. And I think this is also a good point because you asked how far we are from the current paradigm of being able to do this.  I think we've done a little research on this, and other people have done quite a bit of research on a really large scale.  For example, when you remove enough noise and have large enough
patches , this external looping process of putting data into intermediate training, creating external environments, works as a kind of continuous learning regime.  But the problem is that, when you get close enough to a micro level, it's as if I had a model and I was trying to update it again for, say , a law firm or something like that.  And I try to do it very continuously, as with real data, or at least more recent data.  All methods break down a little.  Therefore, if I do an SFT of the model, I'm just, you know, successfully tracking, outside of politics, inside of politics, like, finally, in the very iterative regime, like when you're doing, you know, hundreds of, like, these micro-updates, you see so many catastrophic forgettings;  You see forgetfulness of, for example, previous information I learned about the base model that was there long before, and I see degradation of general
usability capabilities.  You know, just the distillation of policies seems to push this horizon a little, but it still ultimately succumbs to the same thing.  Well, RL isn't very good at that; it's good at acquiring capabilities, but it 's not as good at acquiring knowledge, and only this very explicit kind of knowledge, like, well, how this person does this at this law firm, and this is a very specific process that we found, and you have to put a lot of computing power into creating the right environments to acquire the knowledge in the model.  Do you think the fundamental problem here , why you're getting worse in these other skills or having lapses and things like that, is fundamentally a problem of ability or is it a problem of techniques? A little bit of both.  I believe that SFT and even simple policy distillation can be too destructive.  The reason why RL is so favorable is because
it changes a very, very small amount of the model, and there is a great deal of evidence that explains why this happens.  So you just modify it by this very, very, very small loss value to bring it to the right point.  Well, that also limits what you can do with machine learning, like how much you can actually change the model. Whereas what you're saying is that the reason this is potentially a winner-takes- all is that it's very difficult to summarize so much information in the base model without ruining something in the new interface. Yes. It's easy to summarize it in a different base model.  This is where I think it's mainly about technique.  It's not that there isn't capacity.  If you had a model with all this data and you took a model of almost the same size and pre-trained it from scratch with all this material in the pre-training, it would be better.  And I think that's a lot of what's
happening today.  Therefore, it is very similar to a bottleneck that prevents us from continuing to train the same model forever instead of simply obtaining all the data from the old model and training a new model from scratch.  And this is exactly as Joey says, like a combination of plasticity and catastrophic forgetting.  And then, you know, if you naively train with non- stationary data because you keep adding new data as you go along, basically this is altering the distribution of the data, so that the old data gets forgotten.  And we really don't have good methods to prevent that from happening. And then perhaps, at the limit, like a bottleneck, perhaps by retraining the model from scratch with all this information. Yes, which, of course, is very expensive .  Training the model from scratch is expensive But you're going to do it anyway.    I mean, not necessarily.  I mean that perhaps,
over time, if you've continued learning, you'll never train a new model.  You simply have a model that keeps learning and keeps working, right?    There may be some deep technical reason why it's so difficult because of these...That's a good question.  That's a good I think we've delayed how much we have to do from scratch.  As if it were now definitely possible to take the pre-trained base and do some very good intermediate training on top of that, continuously, plus some continuous learning from different checkpoints that are further along in the training;  And that seems more like continuous learning, but it's certainly not the case of, you know, taking the latest model, applying a couple of very small updates, and iteratively never losing it.  But isn't this it?  I'm a little confused because isn't this literally what happens during training or during post-training or something like that?
You simply have a model that has already gone through a lot of training and then you distill some fork that has been subjected to more continuous learning or something like that.  Isn't that literally what happens? And why is that bad? Even on a large enough scale , I think you're eliminating a lot of the noise.  And as if you weren't just focusing on one distribution, which as Brian said is like, you know, that's very... If you're just focusing on one task, right?  Like that assignment ... Oh, right.  And I mean, in the final regime, you'd be doing... I don't know, there are billions of instances implemented.  You're kind of learning from all of them at once.  And so, hopefully, there will be some noise cleaning and that kind of thing, right? Perhaps that scale, yes. Yes, I mean, I think you can definitely, as I was saying, do continuous mid- course training for a long time and you can go
back to a checkpoint given the mid-course training data .  But at the same time, you can't do this indefinitely.  If you keep continuing halfway with the same base forever, it's like it will become asymptotic at some point.  You can't just learn new things on that basis.  And that's why people end up training new bases. Otherwise, you'd still be using the same base halfway through training every time. Whenever I finish recording an interview, I immediately dump all my thoughts into Slack.  Things like, what was the most interesting thing?  "And what should be cut. This ensures my editors have all the context they need to start editing the episode. But it's not like these dumps of information have clear timestamps, and my unedited recordings are many hours long. It can take a lot of the editor's time just to find the exact moments I was referencing. So we decided to try adding a Grock bot
producer to our chat. And now, whenever one of my editors posts a draft of the episode, the Grock bot opens the transcript on its own computer and starts working. Usually, even before I see the message. It takes the notes I left in Slack and highlights the relevant bits in the transcript. It also uses a large archive of cases I've compiled with all my preferences, so it can suggest potential edits. And when it's done, it sends me its top clip candidates, so I can review everything from my phone. This has worked really well. Being able to send informal messages as if I were texting my editor, and have the transcript immediately reflect my preferences, has been a huge help. Try Grockbot yourself at  x.ai/bot. Okay, let's talk a little bit about data now. Well, I'm generally interested in this question of how much of AI progress is explained solely by the progress of data. It doesn't mean it's
necessarily going to be difficult to automate, but that's our question. So, is there some data distribution that , if trained on current architectures, would result in a superintelligence that completely dominates human experts in every field? Are we talking about pre- training and post- training data, like environments as well? I think the existence of this is obvious . It's as if we could create the right environment. Yes, I mean, in the trivial case, we could train it to generate the Python file that trains the actual superintelligence. Simply by having it memorize the weights. Yes, there's probably a ladder of real- world environments that could be built so that you get an AI researcher that's at least as good as a human researcher, but the effort of climbing each successive rung grows exponentially. And those are going to be the two questions you'll have that we have to weigh to determine
how quickly we're going to reach that final step where the situation is finally better. I think that's pretty clear. And I think , you know, we're still relatively at the beginning of creating our own environment. There are a lot of asymmetries that we exploit to create good environments. So, one of those asymmetries we talked about earlier is that there are environments where it's easier to go back and forth. And what I mean by that is that it's very easy to define this complex data generation process. And this is like a kind of latent variable that you keep hidden from the model. You can generate arbitrarily complex environments, and the model has to do a lot of irreducible token expenditure and irreducible work to figure out what that data generation process was . There are asymmetries in terms of how, you know, you can inject real-world information. For example, Anthropic finds a bug
through tens of thousands of combined human and LLM hours and turns it into a very, very tidy environment that, in theory, a single LLM could find with a few  A few million tokens. So, there are all these SM problems that we're selecting, and we're counting on this generalization of the task horizon. But I think, yes, again, this is just going to have diminishing returns at some point. At some point, the diminishing returns are due to how difficult it is to create these environments in the first place. Like, how to devise them, because you can't always have those processes where it's much easier to go backward than forward. In fact, you have to sit down and build something that, with humans, you know, a long enough time horizon, is going to be a really complex task to create. And then there are also going to be time and computation bottlenecks for the agent to perform those tasks. Well, I
think you'll just start to see this curve flatten out. I saw something about how someone fitted the Toki model, which is only trained on data up to 1930, on this modern coding agent data, and it performed better than Claude 3 Opus on SweetBench. This model, which doesn't have any  Code knowledge can be fine-tuned with a moderate amount of data and behave better as a coding agent than this much larger, pre-trained model. It's crazy. And it shows you that once you have an example of the correct expert behavior, it's surprisingly easy to copy it into a relatively weak model. Yes. But a counterexample of that kind is that there was a paper recently. They trained it up to fifth-grade math. Yes. And elementary English and stuff. It was a decent language model, and they tried to apply it to machine learning for late high school and college math, but the gap was too big. They couldn't get it to go
up at all. But if you did successive sets of seventh-grade math and then eighth-grade math, you could go up to level 12. So again, it's like, what 's the distance between the rungs of those ladders, and how hard is it to create them? Yes, and this brings us back to the RL signal problem. Machine learning isn't very good at exploration right now. So if the model can't get 128 rewards , it's very unlikely to get signals for  to progress. That's why we use curricula in reinforcement learning . Whereas in pre-training we don't, because it does n't pose any problems for pre-training. Yes, and I repeat, pre-training data is different from post-training data. And I imagine that as we move forward, yes, humans will be involved less and less, but that doesn't change the fact that the bottleneck is the amount of signal that can be extracted from the real world. So, there's a lot of signal in the world,
and that's true. For example, there are people doing spreadsheet tasks, people doing legal tasks, and all that kind of stuff. But, you know, the capability frontier of where the models are now—that is, how many bits of the world are actually relevant to improving the model's capabilities ? For example, how many new math problems are being solved that couldn't be solved or are beyond the scope or understanding of current models? For example, how many new coding problems are being created or solved that are beyond the scope of current models? And,  For example, I think that's why diminishing returns come into play, because even the world as a whole doesn't give you the bits that are useful to take you to the next level of capability. Yes. I totally agree with that. It's like a question of where the signal is coming from. And the signal isn't, you know, in pre-training the signal is already
there in Common Crawl, right? Like for the tasks you're interested in during pre-training. The problem is that you don't just get the signal, you filter out all the noise that's there. And it's a fairly automatable process, but as the models improve during the mid- and late- training stages, the signal simply isn't there in the original data we have. No amount of filtering will get this, you know, there's no hidden evidence of the Millennium Prize Problem in Common Crawl. We could just filter until we see it , right? And then, at that point, you have to get bits out of it somehow: either from humans, like, directly, by asking them to write out their reasoning, or, like, by creating environments where, like,  Humans decide, like, what environment should be created, what the goals of these environments are, or, like, you know, some kind of, like, training on, like, the human data that exists
in the implementation. Like, you have to get the bits from somewhere. Yes. Yes. There is a question of how much of the progress in pretraining is being driven by the data. Yes. I did this research with Jerry Han, who is a student at Princeton, where we basically trained all the recipes from 2019 to now in pairs with all the datasets from 2019 to now. So, you 're training like GPT-2 on the newest dataset, like Ultrafine Web, and you train Delphi, which is the newest training recipe , or the open-source training recipe , on Pile or some older dataset, and you do like, the whole grid, and you see how you get to a certain level of capabilities; how much less processing is needed on this grid? And you see that the data seems to explain like 9 times the computational efficiency gain, but improvements in architecture explain like  3x the computational efficiency gain at a very small scale. And to
the extent that's true at a large scale, that most pre-training computational efficiency gains come from better data, how long can that continue? Can you keep filtering data more and more and creating more and more synthetic data until ...? Yes, do you have any idea how much further pre-training progress can continue with pre-disclosure? I think my previous hypothesis is that, again, the ripe fruit is somewhat exhausted; for example, we have the internet as this big block, and it's not as if the internet is necessarily growing at the same rate that all the useful things within the internet are growing at the same time. So , we probably have a bunch of 0.1% loss drops to go, but definitely not as many as have occurred so far. Yes. But it's also very interesting that, as you know, you find this cumulative improvement of 27x in both. I think it was Epoch or someone who estimated it as three
times a year since 2019.  which would imply something like three to the seventh power, like over 2000. Yes. As a times improvement, so where's that missing? That hundredfold improvement, or whatever it comes from, probably gives you a good indication of how much of this is really a product of post-training. I think the explanation has to be that a lot of computational efficiency gains are scale-dependent, and we're starting at an extremely small scale, and that raises the question of whether data computational efficiency gains or algorithmic computational efficiency gains are more scale-dependent. I don't know if you guys have any prior insight into that. We just didn't have enough computers to investigate that question. I mean, naively, in theory, the scale dependence of architecture is pretty well known, and you can fit a straight line to it, whereas I wouldn't have any idea how to do that
to combine the pre-training, post-training, and intermediate data. I like data to be more important. I think architectures are like one-off things, like an architect. I think combining, like, say, an efficiency gain of X % is a bit misleading because  What an architecture does is allow you to reach a qualitatively new regime that you couldn't reach with the previous architecture. And then, within that regime, obviously, the data is the main thing that determines it. But , if we say it doesn't have, like GQA, where we were doing a full-time day, we couldn't do a million; it would be ridiculously expensive to do a million contexts. And because of that, we could never use the data, which is actually like a million contexts. And therefore, we couldn't get these capabilities, although if you just do something naive, like how much this does in a 2K context where the architecture doesn't unlock
anything, then the data, you know, would look a lot more important than it actually is, right? It's not clear to me that these things are really multiplicative gains in this sense. Yes. I see. But then, what's the takeaway about the scale dependence of the data? I mean, as far as scale dependence is concerned, I think a lot of the mid- and post-training data we have now improves with scale because a lot of  They, like the very long context horizon of hardware, really require large models to be usable. Yes, yes. And this isn't, you know, if you try to train your 100-million- parameter model on three reference traces, it won't get you anywhere; it won't show you the same kind of improvement you'd get if you trained a real-world, sensible model on it Yes. And now it's also difficult because many of the architectural changes, like those in Chimera, for example, or DeepSeek, are making these architectural
modifications not only by eliminating pre-training memory loss, but also, for example, in how the models are going to be used in the real world. So, yes, inference efficiency, like having some form of compressed attention in DeepSeek models, isn't necessarily geared toward, you know, this is fundamentally as a pre-training improvement.  "It's like, well, we're considering how the models are going to be used. Right, right, right. Well, one question that interests me to understand the future is how parameter scaling will develop as we move into a more intensive machine learning regime. I know, I don't know how fast historically. Yes, you can look at open-source architectures and see how fast the parameters have been scaling, and maybe it's about twice a year for frontier open-source models. And to the extent that even frontier closed-source models have like 100 billion or 200 billion active
parameters. Do you think it holds at twice a year, or is there another winning machine learning regime where you also want to conserve computation in implementations, and maybe there's a threshold effect where you have enough capacity? And at that point, arbitrarily increasing the parameters doesn't matter as much? Do you have any idea how many active parameters a frontier model will have in 2030? Yes, I think for the next few years we're going to be, like, because we're very focused on..."  Making increasingly longer implementations for machine learning, where inference efficiency is very important. Yes. It seems that the models aren't necessarily saturated in that sense. The bottleneck is still the environments. And we might see a small plateau. I have a feeling that, you know, Methos and GPT models are much smaller than, you know, the 10 trillion parameter range that people talk about.
Even naively comparing them to open-source models , you can probably retract that conclusion. Well, yes, I probably would n't foresee a huge increase in the number of parameters for the next few years. But again, there are many different things to trade off here; you decide the size of your model based on the amount of pre-training data you have, and then the difficulty of the machine learning environments you have to train on. And ideally, you want to reach an optimum point where, you know, you can get a decent pass in one or something like that in the harder environments you have. And, so to speak, it wouldn't make sense to make a bigger model pass there because  Then you'd just be paying, so to speak, for a lot more inference failures than you need. Well, there are a lot of inputs to this. It depends on how quickly, you know, Mcore and then internally these guys can scale the complexity
of the RL environments they're training in. Hmm. I would expect the models to keep growing just because people are scaling compute and GPUs are getting bigger and bigger, but I would say exactly how much they grow depends a bit on the laws of scaling in non-obvious ways. So , one thing is that I think data efficiency is going to be a bigger driver than the compute efficiency of the exact architectures people are using now that we're getting to the point where we're running out of high-quality pre-training data . So, that could affect how sparse you want to make the model. And I also think we don't really understand scarcity. It's like parameters are a different resource than active parameters, but it's like scarcity has definitely increased a bit, but it's not  Of course, it's not going to keep increasing without limit. There might be some kind of optimum point. There's an argument that scarcity
should worsen data efficiency because you might have to learn the same thing from several experts. Although that's debatable. So, I think we don't have a good enough theory of the laws of scaling to really understand why scarcity helps, to what extent it will help, and whether it will stabilize at some point at a certain level of scarcity. And—I'm sorry, but can you explain exactly what the implications of data efficiency would be for…? Well, it sounds like you'd say, "Well, there should be less scarcity."  But what are the other implications of parameter scaling? I suppose the scaling law simply doesn't necessarily seek the maximum; it doesn't try to optimize the computer's efficiency.  Therefore, you have all the options you can choose in the architecture and each of them gives you a different scaling law and you would generally consider some kind of computation-based envelope. Therefore,
you would consider performance versus computation and take the envelope of the best models.  But , if we make that decision based on the data, it's as if we're assuming we can spend a lot of computing power, and therefore the data is on our x-axis instead of on the computing axis.  Then, we obtain a different set of optima or a different set of models that are on that frontier. Yes. And I also don't think we've necessarily doubled the size of the models every year over the last few years.  For example, people have been training 1 trillion parameter models for at least some years.  There was even an open-source one called Falcon, but Liam from Periodic Labs, I think, tweeted yesterday about how an early experiment on OpenAI was like training a 1 trillion parameter model that was very, very sparse. Oh yes, that's what they did before OpenAI.  That was like in Google Switch Transformer, yeah.
Yes. So, he was like, you know, very, very good at knowledge, but terrible at reasoning because he was so scattered.  And so, yes, it seems we've been playing in this range of 100 billion to 2 trillion parameters for at least a while. And it certainly hasn't been this pleasant linear increase, yes.    I mean , I feel like there are two things. As Charlie said, inference efficiency is very important for RL implementations.  And so it will really reduce the active parameters quite a bit.  And then I think the overall parameters also depend a lot on the hardware. Therefore, it is necessary to obtain a very high memory bandwidth and a VRAM size in order to serve multimillion-parameter models.  And so, right now , people continue to use a large number of H100 devices and similar ones.  And as everyone migrates to GB, their tapes will have greater capacity to scale, serve, and efficiently perform
large-scale RL inferences at much larger scales.  The issue of data is interesting, I think, because, naively , larger models are much more efficient in terms of sampling real data points.  And therefore, even if the model doesn't become saturated , it's still better to make it bigger because larger models generalize better and achieve better loss for the same amount of data.  Therefore, right now I think we have a lot of data and that's not the restriction, but the calculation. Therefore, we have smaller models that are very influential and efficient.  But, if computers are no longer the bottleneck, it could return to larger models that are somewhat undersaturated, but have this generalization capacity because they are much larger. If you only observe Chinchilla's basic scaling law and maximize the parameters, then yes.  In reality, it only slightly reduces the amount of data you need to
achieve the same loss. Yes. If you go to infinity in the parameters, the amount of data you need decreases by less than 10x. Mhm. Simply due to the nature of the power law. But now we're on the data-heavy side of Chinchilla's laws , right?  So, right now we're overtraining the models that are put into Chinchilla and we could easily return to a point where, as we run out of data, we go back to the Chinchilla optimum.  We're even a little bit on the overtraining side, you know, of the undertraining model. But surely, even with these new chips coming onto the market and all that , since we're going to have so many computing bottlenecks over the next few years, that won't necessarily be the case.    It could be...Yes, this depends on the ratio you have between training and computational inference.  It's as if you have a major bottleneck in the data, not the computational one; you should increase
it.  If you have a major computational bottleneck, you should always reduce it.  And then yes, but you can also use synthetic, computer-generated data. So it's like one of those things that are very difficult to predict. Yes, I think part of the reason why it took people so long to discover the laws of scaling in the first place was that if you don't do all these things right, then you don't get such a clear relationship.  And the beautiful straight lines in the graphs hide a lot of complexity about how to ensure you scale each hyperparameter correctly or parameterize your optimizer in a way that scales and where you don't have to change your hyperparameters as you change the size of the model. And errors have their own clear scaling laws, right? Like, you know, like with Kaplan and forgetting about cosine annealing or even just not considering the embedding parameters, I think.  And that
ruined the estimation of smaller models because the embedding parameters are a decent model size. A little bit about RL.  So, I feel like a year ago, a lot of people were arguing that RL wouldn't be very successful in scaling models.  I think John, you wrote a research article where you pointed out that models learn one bit per episode when you do RL.  Basically, they learn: "Did I give the correct answer or was I wrong?"  And I wrote a few blog posts earlier this year.  I thought, "It's even worse than that because when the approval rate is low and the model is very unlikely to give the correct answer, it learns almost nothing from an episode of real-life behavior."  But nowadays I look at the models and they seem quite intelligent, and it appears to be the result of expanding machine learning. Baron, I think you posted something a few weeks ago in which you tried to explain what's going
on.  But why has machine learning been more successful than one might naively think? I believe the success of machine learning is due to many things. Firstly, I think that intermediate training is slightly underestimated.  Therefore, much of what we consider machine learning successes actually comes from very, very good intermediate training data , which is where we basically do the pre-training, but with synthetic reasoning data and the kind of environments that allow the model to start working for machine learning.  Therefore, this brings the model almost 80% of the way to the final machine learning checkpoint.  And, furthermore , what machine learning does is significantly alter policy.  And well, this is one of the reasons why it doesn't need as many bits as you might naively think.    You do n't have to learn all these behaviors from scratch.  You only need a few bits of these episodes,
which you do get.  And then, the other thing I really point out in my blog is that these bits are actually an extremely high signal compared to normal pre-training , which is why you need RL instead of just SFT on successful reasoning traces. Because they are exactly the bits about how to get the right answer. Well, there are two things.  So yes, one is exactly the bits about how to get the correct answer, but it's not exactly how you think because in SFT you have a trace, right?  You have like a lot of mathematical reasoning and then the answer at the end.  The bit is still there, as if you were still doing SFT on the response token.  So, that bit is still there.  The important thing is that the target ignores all other bits. So, in SFT you have, you know, ways to try to match the exact reasoning tokens that the model produces.  Therefore, you're basically getting too much information about
the exact way this other model you 're training on reasons.  For RL you only get one bit, and that means this signal is not drowned out by the noise of all the other bits in the model. Yes, yes. And that's what it really is, a super drastic increase in the signal-to-noise ratio during training, which is why RL is so drastically efficient in terms of steps. Mhm.  And do you have any opinion on that?  Yes, I like it. There's been a lot of debate about what RL does to the model compared to, you know, mid-training or SFT or whatever.  And, you know, everyone's talking about how, you know, passing by one will increase, but passing by 256 will decrease.  As if the very rare traces of correct reasoning were diminishing and being overtaken by a gradient signal of an easier type of reasoning traces.  And I think the simplest way to look at RL now is that if you have a large enough amount of computation
to sample a group size large enough that your probability of getting a lot of correct answers is like beyond a non- negligible probability, then it will be weighted. And, going back to Ben's point, basically halfway through training and, you know, more pre-training, like the pass in one, the starting point for RL, as you scale up on a logarithmic number of pre-training tokens. Can I ask some very basic questions?  I suppose that answer makes sense, and perhaps there is empirical research that shows that this is what is happening.  But then I just look at the models themselves and I don't know what happened.  So, maybe you can give me some insight into the basis of AI progress over the past year.  But, if it is yes, perhaps I'm just weighing up the policies that were going to make the right thinking anyway. But, it seems that, qualitatively, the models have become much more capable.  And anyway,
there may be nothing, no inherent contradiction there.  But how can we scare the square, given the relatively small impact this would have on the RL, based on the actual qualitative capabilities the model seems to be acquiring? Therefore, one thing I want to point out here is that it doesn't necessarily imply that the RL has a small effect, right?  Even if you have a few bits and only change the parameters a small amount, the actual impact on the space of functions that the model learns, such as input-to-output mapping, can still be very drastic.  You know, even if it's like one bit could change your function space a lot and then discard half of the hypothesis space. Yes, yes. Which is huge.  Therefore, I don't think that's necessarily the case; they are small amounts of bits, small amounts of RL.  Once you start from a really good point , it means you don't have drastic impacts on behavior.
 At least not necessarily. I think it boils down to two things.  I think the first thing is that everyone expected turn-based learning to generalize this reasoning across all these different domains.  And I don't think we've necessarily achieved this horizontal generalization. Training only in mathematics doesn't necessarily make you the best programmer.  It's like having to apply RL in code environments.  I think what we did achieve was a generalization of horizon. Yes. It's as if the models learn to use more tokens for longer periods and still make progress on some kind of task. So, you can train them in environments where they take longer and longer, and then put them in a completely new environment, and they may not have generalized the reasoning patterns that will allow them to perform well in that environment, but at least they have generalized the ability to continue with that task
for longer, which correlates with success.  For example, there is an article called Edge Bench that showed that the rate at which models can run for longer doubles every 3 months.  And that is clear evidence of generalization.  And I think the final way of thinking about it is like, uh, in pre-workout there's this idea of ​​how many.  So, you have very smooth pre-workout loss curve.  And when you really look at what's happening in the model, how the model is learning all these very discrete tasks, there are all these emerging points.  There's like a kind of phase transition.  As if it didn't have induction heads before, now it has induction heads and there are like tens of thousands, millions, probably like hundreds of millions of these things.  And you average them all together and you get this very smooth loss curve.  I think that to some extent something similar is happening with RL. 
As if there were this very slow outer loop as Bear mentioned, you know, we'll train a model and then apply it to machine learning and then, in the next iteration of the training model, we'll dump a bunch of these synthetic reasoning traces into the mid- training data.  It's as if we're hitting all these quants for all these different tasks, and at the individual task level, it may look like a phase transition, and as if you suddenly go from a 0.5% pass rate to a 90% pass rate on a particular finance or Excel task, but if you average all these things and add up the horizon generalization, in a way you would go up, we have qualitatively better models. Yes. I mean, I think a lot of this is good; it's like RL generalizes a bit, like you suddenly have something like a transfer between math and code or puzzles and math and that kind of thing.  Furthermore, the quantity, the sheer number of environments
that I believe people are targeting, is much, much greater.  For example, before, when you tried to do some task that you do in your daily life, like two years ago, the labs did n't really care.  They hadn't trained a model for it, and now it 's much broader.  They have many environments that are geared towards this specific thing. At the beginning of the conversation, we talked about the RL in the context of causing this entropy collapse or, simply, concentrating the probability on solutions that the base model has already made and causing relatively dispersed updates in policy .  But when I think about it, I think there's another story about RL that goes back to Atari games, and then AlphaGo introduces move 37 , the super-creative move that, because it was never initialized with human data, can think in ways that humans don't even think about and come up with extremely creative solutions.
Yes, do you have any idea when or if we should expect RL in LLMs to lead to things like the 37 movement, just extreme creativity, even beyond human creativity because it's like there's a de novo initialization of intelligence?    I mean , there are a couple of things here .  Firstly, I think AlphaGo is using MCTS, which obviously explores more and things like that than the usual policy gradients. But I also think that, in a way, RL doesn't necessarily reduce creativity.  And, well, even if we look at it , I think there's always something qualitative, but if we look at the OpenAI Hugging Face incident, these models were generating several zero days at once to get out of the constrained environment.  And this is clearly a level of creativity of the 37 movement, I think we get it from the general generalization properties of LLMs.    I do n't think that reinforcement learning is completely destroying
its level of entropy. Yes. Especially in the long term. Yes, that is, something that people call creativity is simply solving difficult problems.  So movement 37 is obviously an example of that, or writing some kind of poem that satisfies a lot of different restrictions.  So that's something AI is going to be extremely good at if it's trained for it.  Then there is another way in which the models, the diversity of their results is much lower after machine learning, and they develop these tics.  And, although it may seem that the models are good at writing, when you do some kind of distribution analysis, you discover that they reuse certain themes all the time and use the same character names all the time.  So, it's not really like you're getting the same kind of diversity as when you get human authors, but you are getting a really good style. So I think that kind of diversity has definitely
been greatly reduced by real learning.  And , in fact, now, as we were talking about distillation before, that's something like , yes, one thing that's happening is that a lot of people are distilling, uh, mainly from Claude, that all the open weight models write the same way as Claude and use the same things, they have the same tics.  So I find it a little worrying that we're experiencing this kind of emerging monoculture. Yes. Again, I don't think this is fundamental to actual learning as a method, however.  And the same goes for distillation; even with distillation, as if you were only training with the data, it's as if yours isn't very broad. That doesn't mean the training method itself is incorrect in any way.  It's like a data problem, and I think many cases, like the RL entropy collapse, are basically due to the exploitation of fairly simple checkers when you do n't have a great diversity
of environments.  Because, for example, the writing, I think presumably is graded by some judge and the judge has a specific text and the model is learning to reward the judge and that's why it collapses.  But this is really a problem with the judge.  It's not a problem with the RL in general. Mhm.  Very good. Super-fast predictions about the future.  So , I want timelines on the following questions.  When will we have models that you can use?  This is what would happen if you wanted to use them. Basically, you hire them as remote workers for all kinds of office work.  Not only coding, but also video editing, law, paralegal, etc.  It's like a real remote worker with full computer use, with literally a month of uninterrupted learning and operation, and execution of complex projects that require interacting with other people, etc., etc.  Everything a human worker could do in a month. If you
are instructed to use a browser or whatever instead, the company configures the information to be accessible programmatically, maybe in a couple of years;  But if it's not browser-based, you can send Slack messages, you can do all these things.  I'd probably say about a year. Okay. Yes, I mean, maybe for the whole general, maybe 3 years, but I think, as Charles says, we'll end up with a lot of people making their organizations more AI-friendly.  And that's about 80-90% of the way there . So, the difference between 1 year and 3 years is that, literally, I think there will be a long tail of miscellaneous tasks that any human can perform and that will take models quite a while to be able to execute effectively. Yes, they're offering everything from computer skills to basic cognitive abilities.  I mean, I think this boils down to questions like how quickly we can figure out this kind of online
learning and whether we can get 80-90% of the way there with compacting and writing files ourselves, etc., and that's my big uncertainty.  I really don't know And another example of something I probably wouldn't be good at is if I had to yell at someone to get something at work or have to pressure a person to finish doing something.  The model isn't going to do that.  He's just going to be too nice. Yes. I would say there is a wide variation in the quality of human remote workers.  So, if you try to hire someone from Upwork to do a software engineering project, there's going to be a lot of variation.  It's often quite difficult to get them to do a good job or to pay attention to all the feedback you receive.  And I suppose in some cases it will be worse ;  The previous version of AI was worse than what you can get now from the existing AI.  So I think it could end up being a bit complicated,
because maybe to some extent we already have this, for example, for some , it's not very high quality work, but then it's obvious that we're not ... Yes, we're not matching the human level in certain forms of higher quality work.  Well, basically I agree with Charlie and Barron that maybe, yes, we will have some version of this in a year or so, okay, and it will be able to...uh, maybe we'll have that form factor... uh, and uh, it will be able to do some things very well, some not so well, and yes, things will improve from there. As if we were constantly changing our objective based on the very long tail.  I feel like you used this example before doing your taxes or something.  This year, I literally told Codex to go get everything I needed to do and send it to the accountant.  And there was a huge list of things I had to check with computers and download some things. And I don't know, it
was fine.  It was perfect.  I don't know .  Many of these things you can already do. Yes. Okay.  It gives you a total productivity increase of 10 times.  Basically , if it now takes you a year to make a big breakthrough, you'll make a big breakthrough every month.    I think I would refuse to give you a scale for this.  We may have already overcome that in some types of work.  Let's say you're just trying to prove that you're capable of doing certain types of math. So, for you, as AI researchers trying to advance the state of AI research, how much have AI researchers accelerated or improved Between 5 and 10 years? Really?  Yes, that's a long way off. But does it last longer than the general remote worker role? Yes. Interesting.    I think I'm probably realizing that you probably have very different definitions of a general remote worker.  He could have been a little more specific. Yes, that's
true, because it's clear that an artificial intelligence researcher can work remotely.  And then, yes, no.  I imagine something like a normal office job over a period of one month. Yes. I think it stops a little longer than a month. A highly competent office worker , but not necessarily a super-creative one.  researcher. I'd say about 2 years. 2 years? Yes. 10x, okay.  And you, Ben? I can see it a little, actually.  Because basically, right now, it's definitely more than ten times better when it comes to programming .  And if I could do it with even one or two experimental feedback loops , that would be huge. So, a 10x increase in AI researchers in 2 years?  If you connect it to a very naive model of AI progress and how much of it comes from AI researchers, you'll see that their productivity increases 10x.  Yes, you have a radically accelerated rate of AI progress starting from 2 years. Yes,
I mean, I think this will mean that AI progress will not be hampered by the ability of AI researchers to conduct small experiments.    It will be hindered by other things. Of course, but it just happens 10 times faster. Of course, yes. Which is a great deal.  And that also helps the next thing that gives you 100 times greater speed happen sooner, etc. Yes, I'm happy to continue with that for a while longer .  So what's the crux of the matter? My ability to absorb information and make the optimal Bayesian decision in the following experiment makes sense. Yes, I mean, I suppose you can delegate some of this to AI. So, AI is getting decent at deciding, you know, run this experiment, get this result, run the next experiment.  And then, if you can run two or three experiments in a row without failing, then that's a really big upgrade. And well, last question.  An AI that surpasses the best human
experts in all fields could do a job that can be done on a computer.  Not just AI research, but all cognitive work.  And not just in the short term, but literally, if it takes like 3 years or so, AI will still be able to do it better than humans. Well, this is basically like this. Okay. I would say about 3 or 4 years. What the hell?  I mean, that doesn't seem wrong, but I would say that artificial intelligence is obviously getting a lot more attention now.  It's one of the most difficult things, but a lot of energy is being invested in it, and it's not one of the most difficult things for AI either, because it involves a lot of code and math, something that models are very good at. Perhaps for things involving 3D, spatial and physical things, I think that will take a little longer. Well, especially if it's not something like mechanical engineering and that, and it's not getting the most attention
right now, it might take a little longer. But it also does not include fields where there is relatively little data due to the nature of the field and it has to learn that data on the fly. For example, he has to become superhuman, like being an engineer at TSMC or something like that. Oh yeah, then you'd have to assume that, like in onboarding, yeah, you can give AI the same onboarding material and uh, but then there's something that needs to be worked out about, like, some kind of long- term learning or yeah. At 7.5 to 10. So basically, yes, you think automating AI research is like full AGI or something. Yes, I think so.  Um, yes.  I think there are many things in the world that, even if you have some kind of external memory system to the model and even if, for example, the length of the context grows a little, there are fundamental things like, even if you could research the information
or write notes yourself, you would need more than a minute to take the context field today.  Yes. Yes, I mean, I agree with the 5-year timeframe, at least as far as the things the labs are focusing on are concerned.  But I think there will be a long list of things that, in theory, it could go out and learn about, but nobody has bothered to do it and the computer hasn't been allocated for that.  So it could take longer for, literally, all the human experts. Yes. That's true, but my latest AI also includes the ability to learn as quickly as a human in a new domain.    I mean , I don't think that's necessarily necessary, really, because AI will have much more experience than any human. Correct.  Actually, it's a good debate.  I think this is a great format for different experts to disagree, debate, and discuss things together.  It was very productive. Brilliant. Thank you for inviting us. You.
Of course.  Thank you for inviting us.