[music] My name is Ashish FM US chief data analyics officer and I have a distinguished panel with me today and we're going to talk about you know platforms catalog storage which which sort of like make agents work. Um but in reality when you start to scale these things there's some underlying unglamorous things that most people don't talk about. So let's see if we can delve into that from uh the experience collective experience of this team um on stage. So let me start by um kicking things off. Um go ahead and introduce yourself and tell me about one AI decision that you've made that's fundamentally changed how your organization works. We'll start with Laurand then Satian and Melissa. >> Hey, good morning. So, quick intro. I'm Durantil. I'm one of the founders and CEO of WA. We actually started WKA 13 years ago and created uh a scalable, incredibly low latency file system. uh we didn't predict
the GPU, machine learning, AI, but once we started actually getting customers into production even back in 17, most of our big customers ended up being these crazy guys with the GPUs. And for a few years we I we used to tell on board meetings that it's such a great market we'll take this detour and eventually we'll go back and do grown-up uh work and then about 3 years ago the GPT moment happened and and this is the grown-up work. So uh we are now uh delivering um many of the world's biggest uh AI deployment. Each time Nvidia sells a big GPU cloud, they're delivering the GPUs and the network. They need a storage partner to deliver the storage. And um we we provide the the most scalable and the most dense solution. So for the big projects um our our economics are the best. um our decision. So we've had engineers using coding agents uh starting about a year ago or a bit more but then obviously
there was this big inflection around December January time frame. At that point we've transitioned the whole company to use AI. Um we we put a lot of resource on every system that we're currently using. If it doesn't come with its own MCP, we develop one ourselves. We actually have the equivalent of what the eye companies would call for deploy engineers within our teams. And now we have across everything HR, finance, go to market organizations that usually are not techsavvy. Um, hundreds of, you know, dashboards, agents, processes that otherwise would have required humans but are completely automated. and it trans transformed um how how much we can do with the amount of people we have. Um obviously it's it's only going to go forward and something we did recently because we wanted to control some of the data. Um some things we connect to claude but then you have less control and now we started
running our our own GPUs with our own uh inference and um and internal MCPs. So for the more uh sensitive information we can actually control who has access to what and we can feel very safe to open absolutely everything to AI. >> Um so I'm sadani I'm one of the founders and the CEO at elation and elation started in or we started elation in 2012 and 2013 and we were the pioneers in a space that many people know as data cataloging. We were the first company to basically build a data catalog. Um, AI has been super transformational for us because if you think about the public internet, data catalog basically provides sort of a Wikipedia for data inside of a company. And so it's a destination and just like Wikipedia requires people to come to Wikipedia to publish articles and to write pros and equally it requires people to come to Wikipedia to read that same pros and description. Um now most
people in the world of the public internet when they have a question and said to go to claude or chat GPT or Gemini but they probably are not directly at least initially reading the Wikipedia article. And so if you think about that metaphor that exact same thing applies in the enterprise we are big believers that basically every data transaction whether it's consumption or even writing of data ultimately are going to basically be intermediated by an agent. And so the result of that if you think that um agents are basically going to be the primary consumers of data or at least intermediate the transactions between people uh and data you would really design for agents first and that's basically what we decided to do 2 years ago. Uh that has led to a series of different decisions in terms of how we think about the architecture how we name and position the company what we build and how we build
it. But it's been a massive external transformation and probably an equally massive internal transformation in terms of how we think about the product, how we think about even um what the interfaces are and what people use. Um I would say most notably we ended up buying a company named number stationation which was founded by uh a whole set of Stanford PhDs who basically were doing a lot of early work on applying transformer models to structured data and that certainly helped us advance our capabilities. But for us it's been a profound shift because how people acquire knowledge today is just very different from how people acquire knowledge you know 3 to 5 years ago. And so, you know, that reflection has to be true inside the enterprise just as much as outside. >> Melissa, >> awesome. So, I appreciated that you started by saying this panel is where we like talk about the stuff that people
don't talk about typically. And I think as a researcher, so I'm a professor at Stanford and I study AI in organizations and um yeah, so I think as a researcher especially, so I have no P&L, I have like no revenue. I just get to like get to meet cool people building cool stuff and kind of study what's going on. So in answering the question I was trying to think of I was thinking of one of my research sites. So me and my PhD students will go embed with a company and sort of watch how AI is being implemented and like with what impact. So I was thinking of one of my research sites. So this is a financial services institution and I was trying to think of like a decision that they've made that's had the most impact on what's going on in their company. So they decided um to develop um I was thinking of their most like mature agentic use case and they're able to get to about 99% agentic resolution
at this point. There's like 1% of the cases where they're not able to get to resolution. So what's affecting them right now is they don't have um the expertise now. The the workforce doesn't have the expertise to go chase out that 1% exceptions where it's like these gnarly kind of edge cases that nobody really knows what to do with. So that's what they're trying to figure out right now. And then the other the other piece of the other sort of challenge that they're facing is that this has been it's considered so successful. I mean obviously this is like a continuing problem for everybody figuring out what to do with the edge cases with a workforce that has not done the simple cases. So um but the second thing that they're trying to figure out now so this has been considered a success. Um the workforce is actually asking for more. They want more AI. They want more agentic use cases. Um, so
what the bank is trying to figure out right now is how to develop like the organizational muscle memory to just do this faster to get more buyin across like legal, HR, compliance where everyone can kind of sign off on whatever the use case is so that they can like stand it up faster. So they feel sort of stuck around the question of organizational trust and how you define that and how you sort of onboard these sort of use cases. >> Thank you. I'll I'll stick with you. So um you spoke about the 1% right? So when you look at taking an agent from pilot to production there are certain data conditions that are obviously non-negotiable right and uh there's certain shortcomings which is very evident once you put one of these things into production. What do you think organizations underestimate when they make sort of these decisions? >> Yeah. So my answer is like hands down evals [laughter] like
it's actually so I think what everyone has been surprised by cuz so I think when I think when um companies start out oftent times there's like this belief that you can have agents check agents check agents and you have like all these loops where agents are checking agents and that can be powerful but I think what I've seen companies kind of get surprised by is that at the bottom of all of those loops of agents checking agents checking agents is you have to have a really nice layer [laughter] of like verif ified typically human created data of EVLs. Um, and it's really hard actually to create EVELs. It's really hard to define success in a way that humans can then apply it well enough so that you have this like nice ground truth data. Um, one of my favorite descriptions of eval um, so there's this startup called Arise and I don't mean to make them famous in this like huge room, but they have
this like YouTube video where they talk about um, there's this quote by one of their developers and he has this phrase that I love when it comes to emails where he says it's turtles all the way down. Turtles all the way down is like loops upon loops upon loops upon loops of agents. But then at the bottom you have to have those emails and they're hard to define. They're hard to do. Um, I mean people hate doing it. It's tedious. It's hard. So I'm curious if the other panelists have that but that would be my answer. >> Saution um I'll add something for you to answer right. So most people forget that AI is in a substrate right hardware up there are certain components of the architecture with that grounding given you said a relation like what what do you think people underestimate the most organizations when they start to look at the shortcomings of deployment? Yeah, I think it's that um these
apps are basically uh I mean because they're stochastic apps the there's consistent drift and so a typical software application you test you put in production it meets the edge cases both that you've tested it for and at least it works consistently and predictably um that's not the case and I think largely you know yes you have to generate emails and I think that's a general minimum condition but then you have all of this drift the the underlying data schema drifts. The underlying context and the business rules drift. You know, the tools that you use are they were once the appropriate tools, then they start to hang. Why they start to hang, maybe they're a different version behind. And so there's a whole bunch of reasons why these things then go wrong once you've initially put them into production. Um and so then then the question becomes, well, what's the answer to fixing these things? And
and so part of it is that you have to triage and then that triage causes for a new eval. But then the question is well how do I fix the email? Because if it doesn't meet the you know if it doesn't meet it doesn't pass then all of a sudden you're saying well do I fix the knowledge base? Do I fix the underlying data? Was it a problem with data quality? Was it a problem with access? Was it a problem with the agent prompt? And so you have all of these sort of like and so where does the truth go and once I even figure out where the truth goes how do I make basically make sure that it's correct and appropriate and it applies in the more general case because you know then the question becomes well okay if I change the truth is this globally true or only true for this particular use case. So there's a whole bunch of knowledge management decisions about what container do you put things in, how do
you fix them that I think are very complicated and as you deploy AI more and more the complexity increases even even more. Lauren. Yeah. So going back to evil, you know, a a year ago everyone were were obsessed with hallucinations. Um since the rise of the new reasoning models and the improvements, it's not hallucinations any any longer, you rarely would get uh the model to to invent things essentially because it now starts with a lot of context at the beginning uh if it's set correctly. But when agents become nested, when they call each other the t turtles all the way down, um which started from a completely different uh >> um story the problem many times you have some nested agent that has a completely different I would still overload the the word context but it's not context in the AI it's answering the with different set of understanding and and then you get something that if if you only
employ logic works out but then when you have a human look at it at the end and everything needs to connect it's like completely ridiculous. So many time when you're deploying a new workflow, it's really important to go and verify that all the stages feed the right data to the next one and make sense of uh the results. That leads me to the next one. Um so most data catalogs are basically inventories give or take, right? Um and not usable context, right? Well, decent amount of conversation is about how do you build context from ontologies and knowledge graphs and things of that sort. So what must change to make a catalog agent ready and who owns the definitions? Satin, I'll start with you. >> Yeah, I mean ultimately the definitions have to be owned by the people that have the greatest level of understanding. Um and sometimes those are people who have these traditional roles in data stewardship
and um typically these are people who live in the business and understand the business process reasonably well. But there are technical roles that have understanding of the technical systems which are required and then you've got business roles that have have understanding of the business process. Um and then you need sort of these quasifunctional roles of people who understand the systems um that sort of produce the information. And so ownership is kind of a very I mean it goes back to this organizational question because ultimately ownership is a fundamental fun like there's there's not re ownership of the process end to end in an agentic world requires a technical individual a functional individual and then somebody who owns the content and that can be three people that can be 30 people depending on what the process is and what sophistication is. Um I you know cataloges are to your point
inventories and they are but one piece of the puzzle. know like a catalog describes what is and you know I have customers that come to me and say well you know my catalog is just a massive mess and agents don't understand it and it's because your data is a mess and you know that the catalog is going to reflect what you know if your map has like spaghetti all over the place then your map's just going to show like that's your reality your your map's just going to show that fundamental reality of your systems and so then the question becomes well how do I build what ought to be and many people then come along and say, "Well, I've got to build just context." But context and isolation is sort of a silly thing to go after because like how do you even know you're done and when do we even get started? And so really, it just comes down to what is the application use case that I'm trying to light up
and how do I effectively make that thing work and how do I make it work over time? And that's when you know you have the right amount of context. these tools, cataloging and context provisioning, all of that can help, but you al you have to know where you're going in order to get an understanding of whether or not you have the right outcome. And that comes down to do I understand the process? Do I have the right eval and output? Um, and many people technologically that are approaching these problems sort of seem to forget that that is it fundamentally comes down to what are you trying to do? >> Lauren, I'll add a flavor of the uh question to you. Have you ever seen an ontology being built with AI first before context is applied to it? A AI first is uh I think probably too aspirational because when we're working with enterprises, they they have their history. They're not it's it's never a
green field. Um, so I wouldn't call any of these projects a AI first cuz the data has been there. The mess was created for long long long time. Um, but now many organizations acknowledge that they need a completely different approach when agents access the data. Um, from from our perspective, a lot of the data is actually stored on on flesh where traditionally these things would be on hard drives cuz humans can white. Uh, but the agents actually need incredibly low latency. And once we're transforming and and making the the upgrades for the modern world, we're we're able to not make it AI first, but at least massage it a little bit and and get it uh up to date. Uh something I would add that I think a lot of uh organizations now start to realize once they get some results is they also care about um and this is a bigger difference from a standard lake or or other system that uh when you logged
in you had security there. They want to make sure that if user A launches an agent or user B launches an agent, these different users actually have their credentials uh follow through the whole process turtles all the way down. Uh and this is actually difficult because if you're just launching API call to to cloud that has access to everything, it doesn't work. And this is actually a strong trigger for for many companies the the large enterprises to actually bring this infrastructure inhouse so they can enforce control. Melissa since you talked about working with organizations I'll ask you this and I think Satya was referring to this as well. So who owns the business definitions relationships and meta metadata needed to support these decisions? Have you seen organizations outsource it? bring a bunch of consultants and subject matter advisers that do it. Have you seen people that do it well
do it in-house? What what have you seen that you can reflect upon? So in thinking about this question, I was remembering so about 5 years ago um I had created this brand new class. So I teach at Stanford. I said I had created this brand new class called managing data science organizations and it so this was 2021 and it was like so cutting edge and I feel like I had covered all of the like most recent research about it was traditional machine learning applied in organizations and across all of the papers that I studied to get this class together. The number one predictor of an effective ML implementation was actually the relationship between the data scientists and the domain experts. like hands down like it wasn't even like a subtle effect across all of those studies. So I thought that was really interesting. So then when so then like Chad GBT everyone's like now talking about Genai. So I
got really curious about whether that relationship was going to hold um the relationship between like the developers of Genai products oric products and the domain experts. I feel like for the last couple of years I haven't been seeing that too too much. I think it's like it's early days and I think it was like domain experts were like all just getting licenses but they weren't like building kind of bespoke uh use cases but I think now I'm seeing that now I'm seeing that you need to have um I mean I think I can't remember who said forward deployed engineers right so like that's that's what FDES are like the forward deployed engineers who have the technical expertise to actually build the system they have to go talk to the domain experts like they have to actually have enough business context to actually build closing and um like this class was showing like 5 years ago. I mean it's the same
thing like neither side can be successful alone. You have to have the business context and you have to have the technical expertise and if that collaboration doesn't work then your system is like is like not going to work. So it's it is a organizational challenge because the collaboration between the two actually is like what matters the most. Who owns it? It kind of somebody needs to own it but they just need to collaborate really well across those groups. I mean you spoke about something that gets the heart of speed and you know the the word that often hear is like you know there's some magic in AI that'll make it appear faster right and they keep telling most organization there is no magic it's hard work um all right um let's let's talk about most people that run enterprises have some version of a lakehouse a data warehouse a vector data store name it right some storage where they've built
you know or an operational system where they've sort of logically linked domain and entities together to some end outcome. Right? So, as we start to look at agent reliability and as we start to look at the choices for what an agent should go after and execute, Satin, I'm going to start with you. I'm sure this gets debated at Elation. Um, what changes in the underlying inframp compute storage when people look at sort of what's been built over the years, warehouse, lakehouse, vector databases? >> Yeah. I mean I don't you know people have different application schemas in order to be able to light up different types of operational and analytical workloads and there are advances that companies are making in lighting up more efficient querying systems and more efficient reads and writes and there's a lot of discussion around for example iceber table formats rightfully because it divorces the you
know compute from the storage and obviously that allows for a greater degree of flexibility and sovereignty for for companies. But there is a lot of innovation that's happening in the comput stack and that continues to happen in the consu compute stack. And I think having a lot of religion from our perspective and at least as we've seen with customers around any of these kind of architectures is is actually pretty damaging because I mean you know the moment that you have religion around doing one thing in a particular way you find that there's just a new advancement and so being flexible in your thinking and fitting the compute paradigm to the to the use case I think is just as critical in compute selection as it is in agent selection. Um, so I don't I don't come with a lot of we actually don't come and I think fundamentally don't come with a lot of religion around how to store things or
which models to use because ultimately our customers are basically using all of these things and they're trying to use all of these things and and rightfully have different use cases. And we do find some customers that have, you know, deep religion around this stuff. And, you know, our our approach generally tends to be almost the opposite of that, which is, you know, just like different horses for different courses. Um, I think, by the way, I mean, you spoke about ontologies before. We're we're releasing an ontology product and we are using agents to create these ontologies. But I think the limit of all of this work is that all these knowledge artifacts, whether they're cataloges or ontologies or which compute to select, I mean, ultimately, you want to get to the point. And I think the promise of agents is that you get to the point where you can just declare your intent and ultimately things
happen. And I think that's the world that we think you need to design for. Now getting there I think is a lot of there's a lot to go do to make that happen. But I think that's the challenge in front of us and I think you know any entrepreneurs and innovators in the room. >> Lon your uh your thoughts on this topic. >> Yeah. So I I don't think we've we've reached the level of understanding of where we are going to be. Um we obviously have a lot of discussion at WA on how how to look at these things but very far end a a warehouse or any SQL database is is something that was created for humans and you have a lot of data engineers and they design the schemas and you have other people and and they make sure that they go through a lot of the content and they put it there and SQL was created to allow smart humans to translate other humans wishes for answers to something that the current schema can
can support. We have a strong hunch that this is not the AI native way to hold data for for the models. These models can hold a lot more context than what a single human being can. they can go through the data a lot quicker. Um the situation isn't yet stabilized. We we we've not seen the end result. Um but you know it was a warehouse, a data lake, a lakehouse and and we've been oscillating. Uh I think the end is going to be a lot closer to going back to a data lake uh with obviously you you you need semantic ways of figuring things out. So everything is going to be uh on on a vector store. You will have to run a lot more um you'll run a a a small agent on the prompt. So we'll do some massaging on the prompt. It will go back. It will get some work through the vector database. It will come back. Eventually, we'll be able to distill way more content and data and information from whatever you
have and and it will be a lot more efficient than anything we've done before. I cannot give you the silver board today. All right. Um we're down to the last 3 minutes or so. We'll take uh questions from the audience if there's any. >> You can just start that. Oh yes. And we'll come to you since Yeah. So I'm previously on JP Morgan Chase building scale uh uh lake houses and now I am actually running my own uh startup conra building financial air workforce. My question maybe I'm biased because I've been 8 years building a pabyte scale big data systems like you said are we kind of a leaning all these uh source of truth context we are talking about the vector databases and the knowledge graphs ultimately even I feel that has to go into a file system and support that uh uh vector search or the knowledge search through the file system I think lance DB is example what do you guys think uh I think
we discuss the same area but do you us feel that uh it is a big data problem that we are trying to solve in a JB Morgan Chase the biggest issue is the agent how we can get the data into the agents right so do you think it is more kind of a big data problem that we are going in all these context knowledge graph and the uh data resolutions >> by big data you mean um just the size of >> thing like the drift of the data like by temporarity if today's truth is not the yesterday's is truth. If he asks agent to go and uh do something like yesterday at 10:00, it has to understand that right. So all these things uh the data scale-wise is it a big data problem? >> Van I'll let you take it. >> Yeah. So I think big big data and you go back to the concepts of Hadoop and even Spark and the other systems had these concept of sharding and shuffling and getting through and and sifting the data and you had
to design your your queries and and this still goes back to what I said earlier that warehouses were designed for humans. Big data is designed and [snorts] and the funnel of the big data was still designed for old way of of building uh systems and humans. I I think end of the day we're going to be storing as you said closer to a file system. There is going to be some semantic search on top of it. Um, true. We're now seeing other use cases for also introducing a graph. So, it will be a combination of vector and graph. Uh, and we'll we'll end up uh with the agents just figuring out, hey, this is the context. These are all of the content I can get and actually absorb the the the results out of them. >> Yeah, we're good. We're sorry, this thing's flashing at me. So, thank you. Uh, thank you all of you. I'm sure this conversation has just started. Thanks a lot. Thanks.