Bitcoin is on sale. The media will tell you that it's crashing. I will tell you that we are entering a new bull market and it's probably time to buy the dip. But meanwhile, Wall Street is picking very specific altcoins next. Of course, we're talking about the ETFs that are coming and a report from Citrini Research. We are going to talk about all of that and more with everybody's favorite guest, Matt Hogan from Bitwise. Let's go. >> That's dope. >> Good morning everybody. Happy Friday and welcome to the show. I'm gonna go ahead and just bring on Matt now. Good morning, sir. How are you? >> I'm doing great. How are you? >> I am doing >> great. How are you? >> Wonderfully well. So, uh, yeah. So, we've got, uh, the death of Bitcoin again, uh, to celebrate, which is always good when I have you on the show. Uh, but now, here we go. Crypto Well, we got to share it, don't we? Crypto crumbles as anniversary
of flash crash near. So, yeah, I guess we actually should be having PTSD tomorrow uh, for the year anniversary of the 19.2 two billion dollar liquidation event that I think it's actually kind of crazy to me that we still don't really know what happened that day by the way. Do you? >> Yeah, >> maybe you know >> the details. Yeah. >> Um I mean that was a crazy day. I think I think three or four or five different things happened. You had the peg stable coin, you had a a macro crash, you had them all come together at once. Um, so still is pretty crazy, but it's also crazy that uh the media is willing to to to kill the the Bitcoin bull market after three months and say that we're over because we pulled back a few percent. >> Yeah, I would like to just present you with a chart because I happen to be looking at it and I looked at this. This is the Bitcoin chart. This is exactly where the bull bare
market technically ends for chart people, right? because you made a higher high and price is literally just sitting exactly right there which is if you are a technical analyst all you want to see is levels that were sitting there for years or months to be broken being broken and tested as support but here we are at the end that that to me is like just from a technical perspective is the most gratuitous buy >> I'm not even a technician uh but even to me that looks exceptionally good uh I completely agree yeah and certainly yeah certainly not dead I Yeah, I woke up this morning. It's at 82 something. Great. Onward. >> Yeah. Okay. So, let's talk about uh I guess we could talk about ETF flows in and out as as exhausting as it is, but I think on Wednesday we had a pretty massive outflow day, right? Like a half a billion day. And it was relatively spread across everything. It wasn't one of those
uh it's because of Black Rockck Options days, right? So, uh but that was after we have had historic inflows just weeks before, right? So, I mean, is it even worth watching these on a day-to-day basis, honestly, or is it totally just, you know, tracking price or leading? I don't, you know, >> yeah, I mostly think it's following price on a day-to-day basis. It it follows nuances in the options. When you see that across the curve move on a single day, uh there's usually something funky going on on the other side. It's hard to say exactly what that funky thing is on the other side. If you see sustained large outflows over multiple days, you and I have talked about this, but the actual reporting onto an individual day is a little bit uh variant. You really should look at these on fiveday flows uh to get a feel for what's going on. To be sure, we've had a few days of outflows across the whole ecosystem,
across Bitcoin, particularly across ETH, across some other assets. So there has been a cool down of investor flows, but I would describe it as that a little cool down after some really strong inflows. And I think we'll be we'll be back to the inflow trend before long. >> I agree. And so this is one of the lead stories here. JP Morgan estimates 50 billion is flowed into crypto this year as momentum improves into Q4. I think they put it at, you know, annualized. They think it'd be 65 billion or so. That's a much more compelling statement than what ETFs did on a daily or weekly or even monthly basis at this point. First of all, do you think that's an accurate number and you know where's that flowing? >> Yeah, I thought that was a great a great article uh and a great note from JP Morgan. I mean, they were combining ETF flows and implied derivative flows and corporate purchases. They were really
looking at institutional capital moving into crypto. And I think a lot of the media thinks it only moves in via ETFs. Obviously, as an ETF issuer, I wish that were true, but in fact, it moves in through ETFs, through corporate purchases, through derivatives exposure, and JP Morgan was aggregating that up. I think the most important chart in that article, if you panned down, you would see the flows sort of yearbyear. And what you want to do is compare 2026 over 2022. And what you can see is uh while the flows have come down from sort of the the the glory days of ETF launching, they're up significantly cycle over cycle. And to me, that's the real important point. Like you really have to compare where we are now versus where we were in the last cycle. And you could see that on that basis we're 2 3 4x. It's a much more institutional market. And to me, that was the big takeaway of that report.
>> Yeah. And also like if we're actually entering a crypto cycle, which you know, as you know, I would didn't think was a thing until now, I think it's probably a thing. Um, you know, the whole topping in October and then having a bare market thing may have convinced me that I was wrong. But, uh, you know, what do you know what then 2027 2028 look like, right? We see the down through the what would be the, uh, kind of, you know, four year cycle and then right back up, I would imagine, in the coming years. So, >> yeah. And and I'll just tell you anecdotally on the road. I've spent much of the last month going to conferences, large wealth conferences, wirehouse conferences, and I will say the the the attitude has really shifted. Uh Bitcoin has become uh really mainstream, right? You're no longer looked at in any way like the guy with horns on your head. I mean, you have Morgan Stanley launching
ETFs. You have Wells Fargo putting Bitcoin into models. I suspect that that 2024 number will be eclipsed during this cycle pretty significantly in terms of inflows. I've never felt sort of the the normalized feeling of Bitcoin as I have over the last month at these wealth platforms. >> Yeah, I even feel that anecdotally like with friends, family, and other people. I think maybe crypto or you know they're certainly not they're certainly not like uh asking me about hyperlquid, >> right? point and Bitcoin I think is definitely just a part of the mainstream conversation and I think it's for a long time. >> Yeah. But it's really remarkable. I mean the other day Black Rockck put out a note about AI agents using Bitcoin as a store of value and no one blinked, right? I mean that would have been like a fantasy dream. Think of that in 2022. Think of that in 2018. It'd be completely absurd. You would
get excited if they muttered the word Bitcoin, even if it was followed by something like is a worthless technological experiment. You'd be like, "At least they said it." Um, and now they're talking about AI agents saving in Bitcoin. Uh, it's it's really it's crazy. >> I I totally agree. It's just the normalization even. I don't think I could have imagined it. I don't think that means everybody owns it. I think a lot of them will come around to it, but there's just like you said, just nobody nobody thinks I'm like the crazy Bitcoin guy anymore. >> Now I'm just we're only as weird as like gold bugs or like Tesla fanatics now. >> That's that that's that's about right. That's the >> company normal. Uh thinking speaking of things that are absurd, by the way, before we move on specifically to you know what Bitwise is doing, the near ETF and a lot of other topics that I want to talk about if people
were wondering what the narrative is for yesterday's Bitcoin crash back to levels not seen since like days ago, but uh it was OpenAI projected to bring in 20 billion less in revenue than expected. I don't know if people saw this story, but man, it's hilarious because it's literally somebody basically leaked what they thought the revenue would be and then they leaked what the revenue actually is and it's just an accounting error and people are like OpenAI is finished. They're over. They're making $20 billion left. But like it says here, Enthropic reportedly includes sales made through cloud partners such as AWS and Google Cloud, while OpenAI does not include comparable partner sales in the same way. So it's literally an accounting mistake that apparently can now crash global markets in a day. And it's because they're basically saying we're reporting our net potential revenue instead of gross
potential revenue or something like >> it is really remarkable. I think it speaks to something which is this uh this existential dread that many people feel about the AI boom like they feel like at any moment to like pull the Charles Prince uh metaphor from 2008 back at any moment the the music will stop and you'll find out whether you have a chair or not. I mean we have Ray Dallio saying the end of the bubble is near and then you ask him why and he's like I think it is. Um, so it's it's it's this weird like it's, you know, people are obviously pattern matching the growth of AI to previous major infrastructure builds and therefore they're assuming that it's going to end. There's so much worry about it that even a misreported uh sort of accounting uh quirk can send the market spiraling. So it it does say something about the market. everyone's wondering. They they all know or think they know
that at some point the music will end and um and so they're they're very much on on tent hooks uh with it. I mean, I get it. I guess to some degree because it is the whole market at this point seemingly and we were I was talking about this the other day with Noel Aerson. Actually, I have a Peter Schiff interview coming out this weekend which was surprisingly measured in normal by the way. Uh but uh because we didn't talk about Bitcoin, but you know, but he he pointed out that if you actually look at the like the breadth of the stock market that half the stock market's in a bare market if you're looking at individual names, right? And it's all I guess before it was buoyed by the Mag 7. Now it's sort of like AI or chips or whatever the rotation is at the moment. But I guess it's a reasonable feeling to think that if the you know five or 10 names that are supporting the entire market roll over
that be in bad shape. >> I think that's I think that's fair. Although I think some of that underperformance is those five or 10 names sucking capital out of the other names more so than >> Yeah. more so than than poor economic performance or poor economic earnings. I would guess if you looked at the overall earnings of the S&P 500, they may tell a different story than performance. We felt that so acutely in crypto where AI was sucking capital out of crypto for a while and that definitely contributed to the last bare market cycle. So I think there's an element of that in it as well. But of course, you have to be a little bit worried about it. You have to play the game in your head of what happens if that crash happens. Uh as crypto investors, we should ask what happens if that crash happens. Um, I think in the end it ends up uh with Bitcoin doing exceptionally well. Uh, but there might be
a little hiccup in the middle. Uh, but I see no signs that we're rolling over, right? There's no >> I'm back in the uh bad news is good for crypto, good news is good for crypto phase, which I, you know, I I'm sometimes uncomfortable with, but you know, we went up when everything else is kind of breaking down. you know, gold's breaking below uh key levels and while Bitcoin is breaking above it, the stock market, like I said, it's kind of all over the place and Bitcoin's doing its own thing as it tends to do in these cycles. So, I think, you know, you've got the debasement narrative could send it. Uh if stocks continue up, that could help it. I, you know, I'm just not in a place where I'm particularly worried about Bitcoin after it just finally broke out. >> Totally agree. I described it the other day to someone as a choose your own adventure novel where every choice leads on the same page
at the end which is with Bitcoin's price higher. >> I remember those novels when I was a kid at all. I remember dying a lot in from aliens >> 100%. >> Why don't we have those anymore? >> I know it was a great format. It >> was such a good format and I bet that our audience actually has read those. So yeah, I mean I I just think that uh we're in a very good place right now. So maybe you could talk about uh you know moving into how you guys are positioning for that. I mean we've got it kind of a lot. We can talk about specifically the AI space. There's very the very handsome Hunter Horesley. Bitwise CEO Hunter Horesley says AI and crypto are cut from the same cloth and that it plans to do more with AI. Bitwise has two pending AI ETF applications. The Bitwise AI cyber defense ETF and the Bitwise AI bond ETF. It's also launched the first US spot near ETF last week. So we could dive into all of
that, but this is feels like a nice little expansion that some of these are just AI without the crypto side in them and then you obviously have the AI crypto and then you have all the crypto. So you're pretty much covered on all the bases there. >> Yeah, I mean obviously I can't speak too much about filings that are in the water, but uh there are a lot of things in the AI space that are extraordinarily adjacent uh to crypto. We've been as an industry at the forefront of sort of cyber attacks, right? and all the hacks that we've been having I think are directly attributable to what's been going on in the AI space. If you're operating a crypto company, you need to be a deep expert or have a deep expertise on your team about uh cyber security and other things. So some of these are sort of natural adjacencies uh to what we're doing. And then on near specifically that sort of follows the bitwise
pattern of looking down the stack and trying to find assets that we think have very significant upside if things play out in a particular way. Uh I'm hugely bullish on near uh sort of at two tiers of what it could become. One as a standalone blockchain, two is a play on AI. Yeah, there was there was my article. The point I was making in this article which is what I I really love near uh as a as an interesting investment is that if you buy near you get something already that works. You get intense which the revenue on tense and the usage on intense is ramping extraordinarily quickly. And then almost for free, you get this optionality of one of the sort of original authors of the paper that kicked off the LLM boom trying to build the central place where AI agents will operate. The the criticism of NAR is that when you look under the surface, it says it's the blockchain for AI, but it's mostly
used by humans. And so people are like, they're not doing what they say. But to me, >> doing what I mean, AI agents aren't doing what we say yet. >> Exactly. That's the whole point. Yeah, that's the whole point. If you're waiting for a multi-t trillion dollar AI agent economy, we're just not there yet. Uh that doesn't mean you can't build something that will serve that. And if you build something that will serve that, but it has an existing business that is awesome, uh it's a pretty interesting investment. So, um yeah, we were excited to bring NRR to market and the response has been great. You know, we we've have uh tens of millions of dollars flow in. I think it'll be hundreds of millions soon. Um, I think it's a great project. >> It's interesting. I I've been working on a book idea and one of the examples is how ne a lot of people think that Netflix became so massively successful by going
all in on streaming, but actually it was like a very side test business while they were still sending out red envelopes for years, right? And so I think the perception in hindsight, but that's exactly this, right? they have a very successful business and then they can actually you can take a bet uh that it becomes what they say it could become also on the side which is very much how Netflix became Netflix. >> I love that example. That's exactly right. These are my favorite investments. I feel this way about Bitcoin for what it's worth. I think it's a store of value and I think that's an established market and I think you get an optionality premium that it could one day be used for international commerce and if that happens that's like another catalyst on top of it. So, anytime you can get a free moonshot, uh, I think that's pretty cool. I think Netflix is a great example. I think Near >>
If we need a multi- trillion dollar agentic economy before people decide that it's a real thing and invest, you will be the one buying the top of that bubble that we were talking about. >> That's exactly right. Yes. Exactly >> Right. Because at that point, it'll be commoditized. There'll be hundreds of ways to invest in it. people will be piling in late like they we've seen in crypto for years and you know building the hyperlquid of X and all those things fail or the like the 15th gaming token and that'll be >> and there's nothing to do. Yeah, that's exactly right. But it's always hard to invest in those things that aren't here yet because if it has no traction then you're it's really speculative. I just love that it has traction and a useful tool. You know, a year ago, a year ago, I would have said like uh it was a really speculative bet, but now everybody's already using Grockbot and Muse
and Dot from Chat GBT. I think for the first time in the last month or two, everybody can actually feel what an agent can do from you more than in theory. >> Like it's sending your emails now and giving you alerts when like your kids need you and stuff. I mean, real things are happening with these agents and every I was saying this actually to my wife uh yesterday. I was like three months or four six months ago maybe whatever we we set up open claw in my office right and we got a computer over here and we didn't want to give it anything like you had the stories about the Facebook lady accidentally emailing the entire company and like you know these things going out in the wild >> and we're already at the point where now I think your average person like signs on to Grockpot it's like attach your email like cool >> dingle drive in your entire life ding Right. And so it's like that moment. I
remember when nobody would put their credit card in the internet. >> Right. Exactly. >> And then all of a sudden one day it was like, I guess we could, you know, https or whatever. It's perfectly fine to put my credit card on the internet. And I think we're there now, which means the money side is going to be here in >> It's going to be here in months. I mean, what is the number one conversation at Thanksgiving going to be? It's going to be about Muse. It's going to be about Crockbot. It's going to be like, let me show you how you can save money on your subscriptions that you haven't canceled. Uh, so I think it's going to accelerate really quickly. >> I agree. So, uh, just to put this in context from, uh, your your buddy Teddy, I didn't realize Teddy was a penguin. It's awesome. >> He got his own penguin PFP. I mean, that guy's a legend. >> Him, right? Uh, of 107, which I thought abstract
uh, closing down, by the way, I thought was kind of sad. But, uh, of 107 US ETFs launched in September, NRR was top 10 in AOM gathered. It launched on the penultimate business day of the month. up against monsters from State Street, Black Rockck, Tro, etc. The largest asset managers in the world. Incredible community strength. So, this wasn't like just a small drop in the bucket theoretical attempt. This thing has done actually exceptionally well. >> It's done exceptionally well. Uh there is a strong community. I mean, that's a remarkable fact. >> Is that who buys it? I mean, I I think I asked Hunter that, but is it like their strong community that comes in and buys it? Right. >> Usually the ETFs are like a a two hump inflow story when they launch. When you first launch, the first people who buy it is the community or people who are already familiar. No financial advisor sees a press release
and then smashes by for $10 million. That's not what happens. So you get this community hump and then later on as the sales team does its work and as media does it work and people learn about it you get this second hump of sort of uh later adopters and so the initial bump is people who are already excited about Near and uh there were a lot of them um you know I will say I shared this story in uh in in my article on it that there is institutional interest institutions always ask me what what sort of moonshot crypto projects are interesting to by and near is one of the examples that I give. So I think there'll be this second hump, but that first hump is uh is primarily communitydriven. >> I I that's one of the few tokens I'm very happy that I held through the cycles even though I'm probably marginally up, you know, rounding era. I'm like I'm like strategy with their Bitcoin right on any given
day. It's like he's got up on his near position or down that he's holding for but I've it's one of the few things that not only did I hold but that I've bought more of and every time I talk to you guys or I talk to the team at near or you know I I was joking I think everybody's at token 2049 I think I said this to Hunter but I think he's there as well and he might be going to his dinner but the I my friend Chris uh runs all the marketing at near and he used to be at Bullish and he was at the TAI and I've just known him for years. He was a New York City club guy and he was like, "Hey, would you want to come to this dinner?" I was like, "Sadly, I'm not coming to Singapore." And he's like, "Well, you know, I think it was Hunter. I'll be there." He's like, "Pology will be there. I think twins will be there." And like as he listed all these people coming to like a near dinner. First of all, it
was all the people that like have >> been behind this massive Zcash move, >> right? >> Right. Clear like whatever. I was like, "Maybe I need to own more Near any information like it's a public. I'm not, you know, it's just like I was like, "Wow, it seems like a lot of the people that I very deeply respect in this industry are very serious about this thing." >> Yeah, I think that's a good that's a good insight. I love that story. That's a great story. And I think that's right. Right. It's like investing in a high quality startup uh with interesting founders that goes through periods of product market fit and periods of challenge. I mean, I like that you've been invested for multiple years. It really feels like watching a high quality startup build that just happened to has a liquid ticker attached to it. Um yeah, where the smart people are going to dinner is is not a bad investment theory.
>> Yeah, it's you know you don't have much to operate on in this space. If if a meal is it then we got it. But still listen like you're not the only ones obviously talking about this crossover between AI and crypto. First of all, it's been one of I think the most compelling narratives generally, but a lot of people that you wouldn't even anticipate necessarily uh starting to talk about it or starting to talk about it. So, Wall Street's tokenization boom could have bigger winners than Bitcoin and Ether, Catrini says. So, I had never heard of Catrini until last year when they had that one thing go wildly viral and then I think they sent a guy into the Straits of Hormuz to like do his own research. >> Yeah. >> Right. So, uh but uh you know to my knowledge I had never heard them or seen them doing research on crypto. Maybe I'm completely wrong but here Research publishes article on intersection
between Aenta and crypto alongside their investment basket. Right. So, I mean, they literally like not only did they say, "Hey, this thing's gonna happen, they literally like did a percentagebased portfolio of ways to gain exposure to the AI and crypto crossover." And I have seen, >> once again, anecdotally, a lot of people >> in my friend group who are Wall Street sent me this this morning. >> 100%. Yeah, this was >> this is breaking through the wall. Like, Catrini, >> Catrini is definitely breaking through the wall. I guess the financial equivalent of going to the straight of Hormuz is dying into diving into the DeFi market. Um, but I, you know, I do think >> less or more minds, I don't know. >> Exactly. No, but I I think this one uh this one did cross the chasm. It did reach real institutional distribution. And that's a great list of projects. For what it's worth, if you went into the
Bitwise research layer and asked what sort of none crypto assets we're talking about, uh, it would start at derive and it would go down through lighter and it would move through that sort of phase of assets that they were calling out there. It really felt like the Catrini analyst uh hadn't seen what has happened in the DeFi market for the last three or four years and remembered it as sort of this uh play area for NFTTS and then walked in and found a fully functioning financial market that operates 24/7 365 with serious projects providing sort of every sort of financial utility. and the the scales fell from his eyes and he saw the future of finance. That's what it felt like and that's actually what is happening in DeFi, right? What you can do in DeFi today is extraordinarily robust. It works better than the traditional system. It's getting easy to use and it's backed by these projects which
are real projects providing real utility. Um, I think it says a lot about the space. Among other things, it says that we're finally expanding from like three tokens to 50 that Wall Street believes in. That's the birth of an asset class. Um, and I I think it's I think it's actually an important moment in the market. >> Yeah. I I just can imagine like my friends or the people at their offices being like, "How do I get this backpack, >> right? >> Where do I get this aerodyome thing? Like what's the dock ticker?" It's it's a whole new it's a whole new world, right? It's a whole new world for these people. And some of those are very small subbillion dollar assets. Uh I mean that's the other important thing maybe for people to realize is how early it is, right? Many of those uh protocols that Catrini is pointing to are measured as sort of micro caps in an equity equivalent and they're pointing
to them as sort of the leading provider of X. Uh I think that's I think that's super interesting and super exciting. I think when we talked not that long ago, you actually I think h so it wasn't last time but hyperlquid you had just released that which has been obviously wildly successful as well and you kind of alluded to the fact that maybe the single asset ETF days were coming close to an end, right? You you didn't say this will be our last one by any stretch, but NERA obviously has come. I mean, how do you feel about that now? Especially like you see this list is this like everybody rushes to create an ETF for every single thing on that list because mentioned it ETF you know. >> Yeah. Exact exactly. I think increas I think we're close to the point where what people want is the catrini portfolio. >> So >> the the whole thing right because um the reason single assets have dominated ETFs
is because the initial market is sort of crypto experts who have very specific views. I like Salana but not Ethereum. I like Ethereum but not Salana. Uh I love this asset, I hate this asset. And then when you put them into a package, that initial buying audience, remember sort of that two hump distribution, um can't stomach it because they don't like one or two assets in it. But if you're making a play on like a whole new financial ecosystem, you don't just want to own the options uh uh structure in that space, right? That's not the bet you're making is just to own derive because options are just like a tiny part of the financial stack. What you want to own is the whole thing. Um, right? You want to own the whole space. So, I do think we're getting to the point where we're going to start to see basket based exposure. Something like that basket I think would do very well as an ETF. >> Yeah.
I Why haven't we seen that yet? You and I have been talking about that for three years. >> Well, I should get to work. Um, >> I blame you. >> It is my fault. Yeah, I've been slacking off. No, the reality is, you know, as a as an ETF issuer, you look at the existing index products, which I love and I own our index product and I like the hasht product and I think they're great products >> and those are actually very successful. I mean, Hunter did point that out to me last Sunday. He was like, "Our most popular products are actually >> now, just just now, right? Just now those are really resonating with people." So I do think I do think we're getting close, but you have to go through the cycle. You have to go single asset to multi-asset to active, right? Eventually in in a year and a half, we'll be talking about the rise of active crypto strategies will be my guess. Um it sort of has to follow
that pattern. >> And will they be driven by AI? >> Of course, man. I I have to imagine that like the next, you know, if you want to get attention, you'll have to say that this actively managed portfolio is managed by some superior AI, you know, and not by some human or at least. >> That's right. Yeah. Super intelligence, I think we're supposed to call it now. >> AI. >> Yes. But I think that's right. I think that's right. But that's the pattern. Single asset, multiasset, active. Um, and I think we'll get there. I think we're we're sort of crossing into multi-asset now. we we have this conversation a lot, but now that we can finally say maybe we consensus is that we could be moving into a new bull market, right? And that uh maybe we're actually seeing this regime change that uh you know been projecting here for a long time. What do you think the altcoin market will look like? I I've I my opinion
may literally change today by seeing Catrini talking about these this thing because I thought it would be probably really really hyperfocused on a few assets. Now maybe I think it could spread a little further than that but I mean how do you see it happening because obviously you guys will be paying close attention to decide what kind of products to launch. >> Yeah I think it's going to be relatively widespread in terms of the number of assets but I think it's going to be differentiated by which I mean I think they're going to be winners and losers in this space. Um I don't think people are just going to smash by every project. I don't think we'll get to this until the very end. We'll get to the uh sort of energy that we've had in previous cryptoblow markets where the goal is to pick the most absurd project uh because that would go up the most. Uh you know, people buying Etherox or whatever.
Um I'm not sure we'll get to that sort of level. Uh uh but I do think it's going to be relatively widespread. There are a number of great projects out there, right? When I look at the top 50, I think I could find 20 to 25 projects that I think are pretty interesting and have a real shot on goal. So, I think it'll be that kind of market, like half on, half off. Um, and hopefully some of the zombie projects will die. I would love to see that happen as well. >> Do you have an ether rock? >> I do not. I do not. Do you? >> No, I don't. Every I didn't I didn't even think about there was a moment five minutes >> where I was like maybe I'll buy land in the metaverse >> of of course everyone had that thought. Yeah. >> And then uh I woke up. I was like that was a horrible nightmare. >> The Snoop doing it. I want to live next to Snoop in the fake world of of infinite land to be printed. >> That you
know like we we were like not we but we the grander we were so stupid. I mean people will go back and look at >> like the 21 22 like aliens will come back and study that. >> Yes. >> That's like that was wild. I mean the things that people were like deeply convinced were you know the the like uh Bieber buying board ape phase >> whole business I remember there was a whole business that basically's job was to like place board apes in the hands of celebrities for like a 20% vig on 10x over market value apes. >> Completely wild. I mean that was a completely completely wild uh period but it was it was broad. I mean you speak of you know like buying land in the metaverse but Facebook changed its name. Um you know there were there were serious people making serious bets in that space. Uh but yeah there's obviously a lot of insanity. Uh >> I think Facebook should change their name back. >> They're
going to change it to Muse. Um you know just give just give them a little bit of time. Uh yeah, I don't know. Uh but that that was a that was a crazy period. And it's also a reminder of how early we are. You know, we're talking about being a new bull market cycle. There's none of that energy, right? We're not anywhere close to that energy. People are looking for real projects. They're demanding revenue. It is a completely different environment than we were in back then. >> Yeah. There's no honestly I don't really think there's any froth. Like I think that every everything that's gone up has a pretty good reason to have gone up and people could see it going much higher for those same reasons rather than thinking I need to sell this thing. It's it's all over. >> Yeah, I think >> I really think it's very different this >> I think it's very different this time. The valuations are lower, the revenue
is might be we might be having in two years it might be we might be talking about the froth. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That'll be fun too uh in a different way. But um yeah, I mean that's the way this market goes, right? when you have a highly uh cyclical market, you get froth at the top, but we're we're we're not anywhere near there. Um it will worry me if we start to see zombie coins sort of rally a new and and and go up hundreds of percent. Maybe that's a sign of a local top, but uh but we're not anywhere near that now. >> Okay. Well, you and I have to do something that I wasn't sure I wanted to do. There's two things I'm not sure I want to do today. One of them is All in Every Time. and Julia Garner and Anthony Bole stars Carolyn Ellison and Sam Bankfrieded in this limited series about the love scores behind the FTX sandals. So number one that I do want to do but don't want to do is you we're
going to watch the trailer you you and I together and then we're going to comment on I want everybody to see this if they missed it. And then the number two is that I have Hunter Biden on my schedule at one o'clock and I can't but uh Okay, >> what a one two. Oh my god. >> Hey, let let's see who they cast. It's the girl from Ozark. Like I her as Carolyn Ellison said is blowing my mind. But we're we're just going to watch it because talk about like things from last cycle coming back around here. Here we go. You ready? Let's let's go everybody. >> Hey, I'm Sam. >> Caroline. >> I'm going to give you a brain teaser. You'll better percentage of your chips. >> So, the game's about analyzing risk. All in. >> You could lose everything. >> Going all in every time is the mathematically optimal strategy. >> That's her. That's the girl. She's really cool. I always said that I am going to make a difference.
>> I believe you. >> What if we built our own cryptocurrency business? We can call it FTX. >> Do you know anything about crypto? >> It's the wild west out there. Whoever gets there first has the opportunity to do some real good. A crypto fund that earns to give. We are going to change the world. And this campus and these people are going to help us do that. You and I are side by side all the way. >> Oh. >> Oh my god. >> We aren't making a million dollars a day. >> If we reinvest all in every day, how can we possibly lose? >> You and Sam are the two smartest people I've ever met. But sometimes I can't fathom how you can both be so stupid. >> All in. >> We have a duty >> to invest responsibly. >> We couldn't lose everything. >> We go all in. We're out. Lying isn't bad for a good cause, but what if the Wall Street Journal finds out what you're hiding? >> You were the one who did it. There's
no such thing as criminals. It's just people who get caught. >> Dude, you got to promise me you won't say anything. Okay. >> Sam and Caroline stole $8 billion from customers. >> What? >> I up. >> Agreed. We're the good guys. Remember >> I don't know who I can trust. >> You trust me, right? >> Wow. Wow. What's What's What's your feeling watching that? >> Well, first of all, it's uncanny how much that looks like SPF and Caroline. >> Spot on. Perfect casting. >> I I can't imagine that any part of that is accurate to how it went down. That that's what like that's what I I can't look at that and be like this is the story. >> Obviously not. Um it is brutal to watch them and this this happened during it like like like almost a whitewashing of uh of of a Chinese book. Yeah. >> Right. Um Yeah. Oh, this crazy sort of weird guy made some mistakes. Um, is a crazy way to view what happened there. It's
a little >> I mean, I don't know if like where they get the comment, if we just go all in and double down every single day, we can't lose money. Can you imagine going to a roulette table >> and you win and you double down and you win and you double down and you can't ever lose. It's mathematically impossible. There's no way that strategy can go bad badly for you. >> Actually, it's mathematically the opposite thing. Um, uh, yeah, that's I mean, that's that's that's really remarkable. I guess I guess, you know, I'm I'm supposed to be the optimist that you bring on your show. Uh, that's always bullish. So, the optimistic spin is this this shows that we've healed fully from the FDX drama. if we're willing to put out these these glossy Netflix series, right? It means we've we've all actually moved on. It's this cute little part of our history and on we go. But it's a little bit it's a little bit
triggering to watch. >> You know, it's it's so triggering. It's like, let me make a like a really false Hollywood version of the worst time of everyone's life that's going to watch >> That's gonna watch it. That's so true. It is so true. Yeah. Um Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I always, we talked about this before, but uh always every time you say FTX, I just feel like the the two years ripped out of my chest that I'll never get back. >> How hard did that make your life? like in in in hindsight like that's a good qu you I mean now looking back since we can say that if we're getting the Hollywood version that it's over how hard did that make every single meeting you had every single pitch every single product you tried to release everything your business did for those two or three years >> it was impossible it was impossible on two levels I mean it was the largest financial scam uh you know of all time
um how do you get an if you're an asset manager serving an institutional audience and FTX happened. How do you go to them and say invest in this industry? Uh like it's it's it's it's literally impossible. Um uh and it was literally impossible. So and and that happened at the same time that we had an SEC that was trying to actively kill our industry. So you had the government trying to kill our industry, you had the industry trying to kill our industry, and you were telling people this is like an interesting time to invest because the underlying technology is sound. It's just a it's really an incredible thing that crypto survived and recovered as fast as it did. Um it still surprises me that we bounced as fast as we did. >> Can't wait to see the maid off love story, >> right? I mean that's the thing. I think there is something because it's it's crypto uh and and and SPF was sort of strange
that makes it okay to do this. Um but yeah, put it in the maid off example and and see how people feel about it with like a little love story. >> Wall Street. I guess we did get the Wolf of Wall Street. It wasn't like a massive fraud against like the world and an industry, but you know, we do have movies that in hindsight have glorified pretty, you know, aggressive financial crime. That is true. I just can't get past it that they all >> and then you get and then you get Hunter Biden later today. >> Can't wait. >> What a day for >> I What do you ask him? What would you ask him? Do you Do you want to do it? >> I don't want to do it. But but but I would love him to spin the story of how it turned out well with everyone making money. Like what is that? What is that story? What is the story you tell yourself uh of how that ended up? for Biden is how he ends up in crypto after his father's administration
was trying to kill the >> I mean it seems inevitable >> ask can I ask him that like why does your dad hate us >> yes yeah absolutely >> does your dad even know that we exist >> that's that's that's a that's a good question too um yeah man I think it'll be great I'll all tune in >> how's your dad that's gonna I'm gonna start with how's your dad how's your dad we you know we're all worried wondering Matt, thanks for watching that with me, suffering through that. Um, maybe we should have a watch party when it actually comes out where we could pretend we're not going to watch it, but then watch it anyways. >> That sounds right. That sounds right, >> brutal, man. Thank you, Matt. I'm gonna stick around. I have a We got to do the weekly reckoning where I review the week. So, I'm going to let you go. I appreciate you getting up early in the morning as always and for all your perspective. >> Yeah,
good to see you. >> Thanks, man. >> Talk to you later. Hunter Biden, he's on the And the thing is I like I saw him on the calendar and I was like, didn't like he seems to be on the circuit, you know? I don't know how it happened. I asked my team. I don't know. Hunter Biden meth or crack lightning round. Yeah. What What would you You know what? Before we move on, that's what my producer just said. Ask your audience. What would you guys ask Hunter Biden? $5 to the best answer. Guys, come on. Hit me with them. I need you guys in the comments. We're going to do the the YouTuber thing. Comment in the comments about your comments that you're commenting. Crackass. I don't think I can call him that. Do you think he's going to watch this show in the morning and be like, "No." Uh, ask him about the contrast between his laptop and Trump Junior is making billions in government cont. I'm definitely going
to ask him that The thing is like we just ask him stuff then he's going to leave. I was going to say I want to get high but meth crack is way better. Does your dad know? Yeah, that's what does does your dad know about crypto? Uh, ask him what it was like to sleep with his brother's wife. That seems bad. Did he do that? I'm just clicking stuff. I'm not reading it first. >> Unicorn horn 4A. >> Okay. Well, you guys stopped commenting where we stopped getting uh Ask him who his dad's barber is. Yeah, I got to know that guy. Uh lol. Okay. All right. Well, anyways, uh as you can see here, I'm going to do the interview. Put it out. Put out. see what happens. But right now, we're gonna do this People's Reserve, guys. You know that every I did it again. Every I'm so bad at doing the thing. Uh, every single Friday, I tell you guys about People's Reserve, so obviously they're close friends of mine.
I've been working with them for a very, very long time. You've seen CJ on the show. Uh, they have the Bitcoin powered mortgages, but also the absolutely amazingly incredible Bitcoin bonds. Uh then we can go here. Personal Bitcoin bond. You can learn about it. Earn with people's reserve. The best of both worlds. 100% downside protection. Full Bitcoin upside finally. So basically the bulk of this goes into US treasuries which are risk-f free as we all know with a percentage in Bitcoin so that you capture the upside and are guaranteed by the math to have 100% downside protection. So you basically capture some of the upside of Bitcoin while still earning on the treasuries. It's a pretty incredible product that I highly recommend you taking a look at. Look, we can do the these are their This is their amazing calculator. It's sweet. The bond calculator. I've showed you this before, but you know,
$100,000 at a 5% interest rate over five years with diamond loyalty. If you assume a 35% K year, I like to go down to 20. I can't I just can't mentally assume that Bitcoin will go up 35% a year. In five years, you're at 147,000 from 100. You do 10 years, $37,676. Uh, I think that this is the way that most people are going to be gaining Bitcoin exposure into the future. You can check them out at peopleleserve.com right there. Bitcoin-bond calculator. All right. Um, and now that we have discussed that, uh, we have to talk more about Hunter Biden and FDX. Just kidding. So, you know, there's a thing that we do every single Friday where I cook through, and I just accidentally closed one of them, so bear with me. One of my tabs. Uh, where we cook through all of the biggest stories of the week. We like to call it the weekly reckoning. I'm gonna play the little thing and we're going to do the little
thing and then we're going to do the thing and we're going to get it. You ready? It is Friday, October 9th, and this is the weekly reckoning. A very quick review of all of the meaningful news from this week. And we have to start every single week with this beautiful badass Michael Sailor right here. Back to buying Bitcoin, baby. Strategy reports a 21 billion gain on digital assets in Q3 2026. 21 billion gain. I'm old enough to remember when people were saying that Sailor was going to be forced to sell all of his Bitcoin. He was going to zero. He was insolvent. He was bankrupt. And then just months later, he is dunking on their faces, legs spread, dangling over their heads from the rim with a $21 billion gain. Only bought 334 Bitcoin this week. But Reed purchased 176 million of STRC, which is almost back at par. Maybe the bigger story actually was that Strive bought 10 times as much Bitcoin
as Strategy this week because Seda, their comparable product, is trading at par and they've been able to use that to continue buying Bitcoin. But the story here, regardless of what happened in the past, regardless of the fact that strategy did sell a lot of Bitcoin at the bottom only to buy it back $20,000 higher, is that the machine is waking up and turning back on and that can only be good news. The second story, joint venture of OKX and NY parent ICE files for 24/7 tokenized US stock trading. If you missed this story, uh then consider yourself unmissed because I'm telling you about it right now. This is a 50/50 venture between ICE and OKX to offer tokenized stocks. Now, most importantly probably is the fact that there's a Quomo there. Uh but most importantly is probably the fact that this is the first real movement after the SEC's innovation exemption which laid out the rules for how tokenized
stocks can trade in the United States. Now that is not a official rule yet. It's still in the comment period but we're seeing a lot of examples of companies and institutions moving forward as if it will be real and that's what's happening here. So, this is basically an exchange called OKX Ice, which is also a drink that I used to have in the basement of my fraternity house in college. We used to kneel and drink the ice. OKS Ice. Uh, and it's a joint venture where it will actually be backed by unis swap liquidity pools from self-custodied wallets. Crazy that the intern intercontinental exchange is participating at this level in decentralized finance and building this with OKC. So effectively, even even Americans hopefully down the road will be able to trade tokenized versions of stocks in a decentralized exchange with a front end from OKX and ICE. Sweet. Next story. China shuts hundreds of
banks as Beijing moves to shore up its financial system. Things in China are not as good as uh you would be led to be if you listen to China talk about things in China. They tell you everything's great. I don't know. I'm not Chinese. Um but uh clearly there's some rumbles and bumbles in the Chinese financial system right now and shutting down a major part of their financial system to shore that up seems like bad news that we should probably be watching. The next story, SEC approves a 3x fix Hunter Biden about his 3x fix today. 3x fix for Bitcoin and Ether traders who missed the wild swings. You know what I really missed in crypto? The volatility. missed those wild swings. But to be very clear, these are 3x leverage ETFs, CME, using options, not the underlying actual asset. And the leverage resets every single day. This is important because there are going to be a lot of dumb people, not dumb,
uneducated, stupid, dumb, not dumb, stupid people who see this product and they go, you know what? I think Bitcoin is going to go up. I would like to have three times the exposure to that. But it resets every day. So let's say you buy a $100 worth of this ETF and it goes up 10% in a day, you're at 110, right? Say the next day it goes down 10%. You go from 110, it's now at 99, right? Uh and you end up actually losing money massively because you've 3x that when Bitcoin is flat, right? Right? So you would get, excuse me, 100, you go to 130 with this. But 130, you take 30% off. You don't go back to 100. You go much lower, right? And it's going to reset every day. There's going to be massive decay. And you don't want to be participating in these unless you are trading daily. This is not an investment product. Uh, OKX looks to abstract blockchain mechanics to bring stable coin balances to everyday
consumers. OKX appears to be they have an announcement every single day. I don't do these, my team does. I just go through the tabs in real time. OKX appears to be designing products to keep the blockchain element abstracted or out of sight for users who simply want to hold digital dollars and use a card. So basically, uh there's a huge yield here and they're building things that look familiar to other products. I'll get to a more compelling story about that in a minute. US bonds sell off eases yields off highs after strong 10year note auction. Yeah, the news that I saw actually uh was the opposite that we had yields at the highest uh in 24 years on the 30. So, that was a very temporary bounce. Not that exciting. Yields are rocketing and interest rates are going up. Robin Hood adds 25 million of Bitcoin to its balance sheet. Cool. We have another Bitcoin treasury company. It's only $25 million,
but it's a great signal from Robin Hood that they actually want to be personally invested in the asset class that they've put so much stock into for their customers. I'm here to see it because we haven't seen a Treasury announcement in a very long time. Bit Bitmine sets 5% ether supply hard cap as accumulation target nears. Bitmine is going to stop buying Ethereum soon. That's the story here. Samsung integrates USDC to overhaul crossber remittances for 82 million Galaxy users. This is the continuation of that story I told you before. Turns out that the best way to gain Matt's adoption for crypto is not to let anybody know that they're using crypto. 82 million Galaxy users will have USDC integrated into their wallets for crossber payments and remittances and it will look like everything else in their Samsung wallet. I told you a story about SoFi recently that their Mastercard would be all
settled on blockchain rails but behind the surface and you wouldn't know. The customer would go charge something they would not know they're using crypto. The merchant will receive dollars. They will not use any but all the plumbing in the background because it's faster, cheaper and more efficient will be done by stable coins. That is exactly what is happening here and it is on Salana. And the final story in the weekly recap here, Vitalik, I don't recommend anyone scramble to move their funds new wallets today. You'll see that the Ethereum Foundation's Justin Justin Drake is his name. Uh said that we have new FUD. Let's not worry about quantum because AI is going to be so mathematically superior before we even get to quantum that it's going to be able to crack your keys anyways. Uh Coinbase pushed back said there's no reason to believe that the math is at risk. And then Vitalik came in somewhere
in the middle and said, "Yeah, we should take this seriously, but I wouldn't go jumping to a new wallet yet." Like, god forbid everybody takes their self- custody and moves to some other self-custody and we go full cold card with that new self-custody and it looks like a disaster. All right, that is all the stories that I wanted to cover for this week on the Weekly Reckoning. Got People's Reserve right back there on a building. I mean, they're on a building in New York City. What more do you need to hear? So am I. That's all we got for you today. Peter Schiff Sunday. Should watch it. It's a really good interview. And then of course be back on Monday for Macro Monday. That's dope.