Hey everybody, welcome back to this week in Stardust. We're doing a VC roundtable. And you may notice this guy doesn't usually do the VC roundts. I know Jason is traveling. He is abroad this week. He is not here. But I'm not doing this by myself. That would be ridiculous. We've got an amazing guest host stepping in. He is a partner at Menllo Ventures. Give it up for Dee Doss, our special moderator of the week. Dee, thanks so much for being here. >> Thank you so much for having me, Lon. This is uh these are quite big shoes to fill. As you know, I I talk I am not the world's greatest moderator. Jason Jal is, but I will try my best to entertain all the lovely folk on stream here today. >> We we certainly appreciate your expertise uh stepping in as a guest host. That's going to be amazing. And we've got an all-star panel for DED's big week here. First up, Canu Galadi. She's a partner at Coastal
Ventures. She's led investments in PolyAI, Wabi, Sarbum, so many others. Canu, thanks so much for being here. >> Very excited to be here. >> Awesome. And we've got Chris Farmer. He is the founder and CEO of Signal Fire, Grammarly, and Alchemy, among the notable investments I see here in my notes. So, Chris, awesome to have you. >> Thanks for having me. >> And finally, we've got Sheil Monat. He's the co-founder and general partner of Better Tomorrow Ventures, Seedstage Firm. They're investing in fintech and vertical AI startups and a and a wonderful returning panelist to the show. One of our favorites, Shiel, thanks for coming back to the show. >> Glad to be here. Before we go into our big stories, I do want to take just a moment to thank our friends at Plaude. You may notice I am wearing my Plaude note pin right now. It helps me keep track of everything we talk about on the show. Also, just
all the conversations happening around the office. Anything that I need to keep in mind, it is constantly listening in only when I tell it to. I can turn it off if I don't want to share what I'm doing. And then it turns everything into these amazing AI generated reports and transcripts, whatever you need. You never have to like, oh, what was that person saying? I forgot to do the thing. It's just recorded. It's saved. It's in your notes. It's ready to go. So, you definitely want to check it out at plaude.ai/twist. And if you use the code twist, they're going to give you 10% off of your Plaude note pin. There was a look at one of those amazing transcripts. So, thank you to our friends at Plaude. And now, finally, we could begin the VC round table. Dee, where do you want to go first? I think you know the biggest news of today and of you know maybe I would reckon it's maybe the biggest news
of of many decades for me at least is this unbelievable math result from open AI you know am I qualified to talk about math no um however you know there's this meme that goes around which says hey did you read the latest Ryman hypothesis result and everyone's like yes I did you like yes I did you understand any of it no I did not Did you? No, not really. And but it's cool and it's a big deal and and this is what I wanted to talk to, you know, the chil Chris and Ganu about is we're looking at these math results that let me just start with some some headline stuff. Seven millennium prizes price problems exist. One of them was solved, you know, 20 plus years ago. And if you look at this result combined with say the Navier Stokes result that OpenAI published a while ago um along with some other researchers you're looking at major mathematical progress in four of the seven four of the six remaining
unsolved biggest unsolved problems in mathematics with AI and there's many ways we could sort of take this discussion but you know maybe I'll just start with with Kanu who's you know at Kla I an open AI investor like what when you see results like this what how do you think about investing in anything or how do you think about startups and innovation and what continues to have value in a year or two years when we're looking at hey the smartest minds of the world can't do what AI can do today >> uh we at Kusa Ventures are very proud early investors in open AI and I'm very excited about all the results but as a as a former scientist um you know it it does make me uneasy because it is moving at such a fast pace. Uh there's a amount of um just the pace of advancements in all of these different sciences is is going to continue to be mindboggling. I think you know in the in the past um you know
uh Sam have identified that hey people are usually not great at thinking how when things compound and we're already at that uh at that inflection point where um AI and AI's capability and generalization and being able to solve some of these unseen unopen math problems is just compounding to your question is very fair you know from an investment point of view we often think about um you know what can we invest in where the ultimate value is not just flowing into the the token generators today. what is the next capability that we can invest in and I can talk about some of the things that I have been investing in which I feel could be interesting but it is a very fair question um the you know for example even within related to the math area right so math happens to be a domain that is very formal and for AI to continue to build proofs on top of proofs is you can see why it's working um there
are domains which are very uniformal which are you know connected written in very natural language with the intent hopefully captured well but it is not 100% correct and so some of the companies I've been investing in um are trying to take real world very complex domains and formalize it such that you can do this advanced math and so the we you always think about what are we investing in and will it continue to get better because of the underlying models getting better and all of the capabilities that they're producing um so you know PMAN labs would be one of them that is going after taxes. Uh Logos research out of Imperial College in London is another one that's going after financial code. But the intent of the math or intent of the code uh that once it's captured in a formal domain can go move much much faster. But and I see I think similarly in chemistry and physics uh just in the software
or digital land will move a lot faster and now we're seeing a lot more companies trying to close the loop with real world experiments with wet lab experiments with robotic experiments and we're seeing more of that. But it is a very very fair question about what can we invest in early stage that will not ultimately flow into the token generators and it is harder and getting harder and harder for all of us. >> Phil Chris where would you agree disagree continue that or say hey here are some areas that I look at or I think are still valuable or you know it's a free-for-all. Who knows what we're all doing and we'll see. Um where what's what's the take? >> We spent a lot of time as in healthcare, right? I think there's going to be just unbelievable breakthroughs in that ecosystem of understanding a lot of, you know, parts of of the human body and and and life that that we still don't understand
well today like the brain and complex systems and cancers and all these types of things. And I think as as to to Connor's point as you know it's it's hard to anticipate like how how powerful this gets as they compound. But as you see a convergence of all the different investments that have been made across life sciences wet labs that can test experiments really quickly um and and run through it you know capturing all of the data that you wouldn't have historically kept in a human context because you only put something into clinical trials if it's been successful. Whereas in an AI world, you want to capture all the failures as well um in order to to to train and learn from that those data sets. So there's a lot on the data capture and reinforcement learning and what on all these categories and as these things converge where we get better at understanding complex systems but at the same time
get better at understanding biology or or or chemistry or all these things as the as these different types of models converge and can collaborate the breakthroughs that I think we're going to be able to have is going to be super powerful and I think a lot of what I'm most excited about is a potential impact on human health right um and then also planetary health and other super complex systems that you know there's a lot of debate on what what's real and what is climate change and all this type of stuff and it's because there's so many you know inputs into these systems that it's hard to sort of really understand uh the the butterfly effect of of different things and so now I think as we get better these models get better and can collaborate across different disciplines there's going to be a lot of exciting I think breakthroughs and better understanding um of the ramifications of some of
the choices we're making in these domains. >> Yeah, I completely agree. I I feel like it's actually the Matt stuff um is obviously the first um the first uh results we're seeing, but that's just because it's the place where it's easy to verify that the AI discovered something actually new. Um but I think what's very exciting is just extrapolating that to all of science and making invention itself cheaper. Um, and I think like Ganu and Chris said, I think there's gonna be a lot of implications in in in other sciences. Um, I think, you know, cancer therapies, stuff like that. But I I think the implication is that AI can create a cancer therapy quickly. But I think there's still a lot in proving that it works safely in humans. And I think that's where we've done some investing. Um I think similarly in chemistry you know you can design a better battery chemistry but um someone still has to manufacture
that battery battery and test the battery and I think that's why you're seeing so much in physical AI. ODU is the all-in-one management software that brings everything you need into one easy to use platform and founders know it's going to save them a lot of their time and time is money time is valuable. That's all you have as a founder. Let's take a moment and we're going to explore one of these real apps that you get access to when you sign up for ODO. Let's check out ODO Studio. ODU Studio lets you customize or reshape any of the tools on their platform or even build your own original productivity app all without knowing how to code. So, if your software company needs a specialized customer pilot and onboarding tracker, you can easily knock one out yourself in ODO Studio. Or if you're constantly lending out laptops, hardware, or microphones like we do in our production facility, well, you
can build your own equipment checkout and asset tracker in just minutes. Why wait for someone else to invent the software your company needs? Build it yourself in ODO Studio. If you're cobbling together your back office across five different apps, get started today at odo.com/twist and your first app is free. That's odo.comtwist. >> You know, maybe one thing that I struggle with and I I agree with all of you guys, right? Like, so this is this is true. And there's all these other domains that are non-verifiable or domains where, you know, you kind of have to go the additional last mile that maybe you don't think a big lab will do. Um but the thing that I struggle maybe to be very honest with you the most with is you look at these big labs and well compute is clearly very constrained in the world and it is uh you know it's a it's a rich person's game. I mean there are certain companies who
are able to commit billions and billions and dollars of dollars to compute and their compute efficiency defined by you know the revenue they can generate for every incremental dollar of compute that they purchase is is probably the best in in the market versus any other kind of startup that tries to compete. So it's almost an unfair balance of intelligence in many ways where how could a company possibly compete with an open AAI or an anthropic who has you know hundreds and thousands of thousands of GPUs with you know a poultry maybe 5,000 10,000 how does one how do you think about that like is does that re sit with you or do you still believe no you don't actually have to have the most compute to be able to to do this um how bitter lesson do do you think you are when it comes to to that sort of thing? >> I I I'm not at all a believer that the models are just going to own everything. Um, you
know, I think that's intelligence, right? If you isolated that that that's great and it's obviously a critical foundational input and and and incredibly valuable, but how you apply that intelligence and how you give it context and permissioning is going to be critical. Like, you know, there's a reason why Ford deploys engineers have become such a thing in recent years. There's a lot of change management, a lot of guard rails, a lot of, you know, trust building that needs to happen that [clears throat] a lot of companies are going to have to wrap this, you know, that the intelligence in context and permissions in order to actually do anything agentic, right? And so the change management piece is non-trivial. Then there's tons of proprietary data sets. We do a lot in vertical AI. We we used to be probably 80% hor you know horizontal SAS and hor you know with with a heavy ML element and then
we flipped to 80% vertical AI because I think you can build data density in lots of different use cases where the model may have intelligence but it doesn't have anywhere near the context that you have because you've you've built that up it you're you're going to outperform dramatically and that can take many shapes like for example we have a company called Evenup in the personal injury laws space I mean they're the dominant player in that domain because they've seen all the different cases and back and forth with negotiations with insurance and 99% of that data is in the private domain. you know the the the the big models like what are they going to do against that with somebody who has so much dominance in a vertical or for example a company like all allhealth which is a clinical grade wearable right that has all of your personalized context on your you know uh bio feedback and whatnot
like that you know the models help unlock that data but it's that personalized data for early detection of you know issues that you may have on heart or or or whatever um that that you you need to augment the intelligence with context on a person or an industry or whatever it is. And so I think there's lots of opportunities to organize and unlock intelligence through the workflows, context, permission systems, guard rails, security, all of the things that need to be wrapped around it to to actually get that horsepower to the ground. >> There are a few different things that I'd point out. Like I am obviously a believer in large language models the way the transformers are built today and their scaling laws because you know those have worked and all of the large labs are going down that path. Um I do think there is a ton of opportunity to improve them. We're still in the very early innings
like these models are very inefficient. The amount of data they need to train, the amount of compute they need to train, the amount of compute they need to serve, they're all very very inefficient. And there are tons of very interesting work happening outside of these labs in solving some of these problems. Um I think some of the uh you know opportunity that Chris mentioned is very true today because there is limited context that these models can work because the underlying compute infrastructure is still very expensive. um if there were a way to have very very long context possible. It's not limited to 1 million tokens as of today, but maybe 100 million maybe, you know, maybe the how you surface that information and what you really need to retrieve ahead of time, etc. All of that changes. Um, so I think there'll be a ton of different algorithmic approaches that will improve and it might
come out of labs outside of uh you know the the labs you mentioned. I also think you know already because of the current lack of HBM or current lack of resources there is innovation happening from open labs uh and it's partly driven because of the constraints in the current ecosystem but there is innovation so there's a ton of innovation that's going to come out um I also don't believe that LLMs and transformers will be the only way for us to get to you know whatever we consider AGI or you know SI etc whatever the the the current uh term for it is uh it's it's going to be different types of intelligence, different types of approaches for artificial intelligence. Um and so I'm very bullish on like there will be a ton of opportunity. Um and then there's this whole other thing about you know like maybe in specific areas where you need data collection from the physical world labs may not think
about it going early but there is a flywheel to be had um in in in those areas because you're collecting the data. uh you know for for example we have a a a weather modeling company called windborn that collects institute data from different points in the atmosphere um and they will just be ahead of anybody else collecting those data points so there is a a physical world data flywheel opportunities as well and we've been investing in those um and and I can go on and on about that but I think um yeah I I don't believe that just scaling up will be the only way for us to continue u winning the ultimate challenge for the next couple of years yes and I also believe that the short the constraints in compute and other uh components is may not be it's it's not like five seven years from today and probably for the next two to three years. Yes. >> Yeah. I think at some point compute stops being the
bottleneck in all of these things like like we talked about like you can create a bunch of promising molecules and you know right now something that costs $50 million to create you know a few years from now might be in the thousands of dollars and it might not be that compute is the constraint actually it might be lab capacity the ability to do clinical trials manufacturing patents all that kind of stuff might be the constraint so I I I think right now it certainly feels feels like the big labs are where this kind of research gets done, but I don't I don't know that that's necessarily needs to be the case in the future. >> Can we just double click on that real quick? What do you think, Shield, is going to change that's going to make are we just going to be able to make a lot more chips? Is it going to be the chips get way more efficient? Is it just we're going to build a lot more data? What's
going to happen that's going to make compute become so much more widely available? Yeah, I think it's all of the above and sort of like the the frontier model production is like what we're relying on today. you it it need not be that like it may be that today's model today's model a year from now is going to be much cheaper and you still may get output from it that that is relevant there there's so much to be said about compute there's another but so when I look at labs I think of or generally let's talking about AI there's data there's compute there's maybe algorithmic improvements there's a couple of other things here and there uh there's this tweet that I saw this morning that I thought was was was interesting it's a tweet maybe we can pull this up uh Gokul says um many of us may know Gokul already says you know the the fastest company to go from uh zero to a billion in revenue run rate
is actually not any of these guys that you've heard of it is actually a data company and you know Shio Chris Kanu you you guys are all seed investors you guys see seed investments all the time I am sure that you have seen a 101 different RL environment ment/data companies that sell to labs and I'm sure you've also seen companies that come and say hey you know we're at hund00 million in in revenue or you know an enormous amount of revenue in a very quick amount of time most of which is typically nonrecurring but um how do you how do you assess this like do you invest in those kinds of companies I've heard a mix of different opinions from sort of my investor friends and and and and and various different people. Some people are like, "Look, I don't touch that kind of stuff. I don't believe it has long-term value." Some people are like, "Who knows what has long-term value? If anything, I think
data will always be something that labs need. So, you know, this is as good of a bet as any." And then yet others caveat it by saying, "Yes, and but I don't know what value I would pay for these things because they definitely don't trade like software businesses. They're non-recurring. um the margins vary uh to say the least. H how do you how do you guys assess this? Like would you guys invest in this kind of stuff? And if so, what type of data companies would you invest in? I know a lot of you out there listening are wanting to start your own company. So, if it's finally time for you to make your dream into a reality, you can't find a better partner than our pals over at Northwest Registered Agent. Northwest Registered Agent is now offering free identity services. That means a free domain name, open- source web hosting, a business email and phone number, and everything else that's going
to make your new startup look and feel like a professional company, all with no purchase required. And this is free done right. They're not passing your data along to any third-party vendors, and they're never going to sell it. So, if you have an idea you can't get out of your head, or if you're already building something amazing, get started with Northwest for free and upgrade as you grow. Learn more at northwestregisteredagent.com/twistdomain. >> We're we're investors in in companies like Micro1 um you know that are doing a lot of training, reinforcement, learning, that type of thing. Um you know there there's just there's a there's just so much capacity to do that. I think you have to get to the frontier. You've got to be at the front lines, understand the nature of this data, what's working, what's not working, how to apply it, and then, you know, great entrepreneurs at the end of the
day is what we're backing to to to figure this out, right? And to see where they can, you know, migrate to corporations to help them um adjust um and and tweak their data um in order to apply it in their particular personalized use case. um you know and I think it's it's going to move from the labs to a broader set of end customers um you know and and so we have a we have a number of companies doing this in different verticals and whatnot and yeah the growth is explosive and it's very concentrated in a handful of labs today but all of them have a thesis of how it will be applied to broader enterprise because I do think that as you move to more openweight models you've already seen a massive migration per the verscell data that was one of the sort stunning shifts from proprietary models to open weight models. It went from like 8020 to 2080 in a matter of months, right? And as these corporations
start to get more adept at this, build the skill sets inhouse to personalize, you know, for their own use cases and build their own defensibility over time versus outsource it all to to to proprietary models. I, you know, I think there's going to be a lot of need for this across any large business. And so you know how they do that bridge there's huge go to market challenges and professional services type challenges but I I think there you know some of this will be enduring but some of it will also you know come back down uh pretty dramatically maybe as as as rapidly as it went up and so it's going to be a matter of of u you know how how adept these entrepreneurs in in building lock in and and and landing and expanding just like the SAS days right with these customers where they find the pain points and then they keep serving them and until they become you know more recurrent and deeply embedded.
>> I disagree with the uh with the sentiment about data will always be needed because as we've seen you know some of these larger model companies they're good at taking this data and then at some point they don't need that data right because a model is just inherently able to solve those things. um you know we we don't know the how how well the openw weight models are distilling from the top labs right so the data if the top labs get it the openweight models also get it so the enterprises or this existing data is your currency then you're going to it's the terminal value seems not exist but I think Chris's point on at the end of the day it is the you know the the founder that they're backing that it's very hard to argue because I I have seen founders ers may have started somewhere and the story started to work and then they were ahead of anybody else in figuring out what the labs need next
and they're just ahead and they know how to continue to build the business and continue to be one of the most wanted data or data type or apps build on top of that data commodity. Uh so I think the right entrepreneur can still solve it. We have uh as a fund ventures we've stayed away from that category which we believe like the terminal value might not be there. Uh so for yeah we haven't invested in anything in the data category for that reason and you know but but there are founders that it's been very hard to be like oh are we not going to invest in that founder based on everything we know about them that that's the hard discussion. So, >> I think they're super interesting companies, but I I think like even thinking about headline revenue is kind of like the wrong way to think about these businesses, right? Um, you have to think about it from a from a gross profit basis and then even then
there are a lot of questions. We mentioned customer concentration. We mentioned is the demand structural or is it temporary? And I don't have a good answer for that. I would say like the models obviously continue continue to need better post-training data and and and eval but um so far it feels like as models have improved actually the the amount of expertise actually has has risen um I don't know if that asmmptotes at some point um I I think there's a question of like what is proprietary in any of these businesses and in many cases there isn't much but there's a great opportunity right now to generate cash and they actually don't require a whole lot of fixed capital so it's a very interesting business I haven't invested in any of them interesting you know I like there's a couple of threads that all of you touched on which I thought was interesting which we you know we talk about this a lot
as as investors which is ultimately a large part of every investment we make does boil down to you know how talented this this founder is um I sometimes wonder and I've had, you know, [clears throat] varying thoughts about this over time, is we live in a very different era today than maybe 5 to 10 years ago. Um, namely, you know, 5 to 10 years ago, you might have been, I don't know, 10 years at um a great SAS company and then you you you you leave and you say, "Hey, I'm going to start basically another SAS company. I'm going to do some top- down enterprise sales. I'm going to hire a bunch of people." uh there was there was usually a little bit less competition and you could be quite successful sort of running several kinds of playbooks back in the day. Um a big constraint for many founders was just being able to hire software engineers at scale that actually could build build out the software.
Maybe you disagree with parts of that. So if you do feel free to to tell me and that's just a part of businesses. Obviously many other great companies in that era existed too. Whereas today all of a sudden you know at least when I talk to to young founders you know the way they work is just extremely different. I mean the size of teams versus the kind of capacity of output that they have you know it's heaven and hell. You have teams of five people who are running thousands of agents in the background who do a bunch of different things. They say yes to this no to this. It it sort of seems like a wholly different skill set at least when it comes to software. um you know leaving aside maybe some healthcare specific or or or fintech specific stuff where of course I know you need some some niche uh skill set do you agree with that and how does that change how you think of what a good founder looks
like today? Is it fundamentally the same and you're looking for the same stuff or are the skill sets actually changing a little bit today than it was 10 years ago? >> Yeah, it's a good question. Um I I think like the broad skill sets of setting a vision, selling that vision, recruiting people are all the same as they ever were and and that's what it takes. But um there is this new class of founder that that didn't exist before. And I I think that they I would say like in our experience at least skew younger um and you have very folks in their early 20s building amazing businesses, scaling very quickly um in in categories that you would have thought um required expertise um in accounting, legal, stuff like that. People without backgrounds in those places are are doing quite well. Um, but I think at the end of the day, what have they done? Well, they they like set a vision for their company.
They recruited people against that vision and they they sold that vision to their customers. And so, I think those things are are evergreen. You've heard me say it many times now, Bob. If you're an earlystage startup or small business, every single new potential customer is extremely valuable. You can't afford to have a team that's missing calls. If your communication is inconsistent, your customers will notice. That's why today's episode is brought to you by Quo. Qo, the smarter way to run your business communication. I use Quo all day long. I love it and it's just great to have that one number that my team and I can share so that we don't lose any customers. Quo is the number one top rated business phone system on G2. And it's already trusted by more than 90,000 businesses. They're going to bring all of your calls, texts, and contacts together in a shared collaborative space. That means
your entire team is going to use one shared number. So there's zero chance anyone is going to fall through the cracks. Money is on the line. Always say hello with Quo. Try Quo for free. Plus get 20% off your first 6 months when you go to quo.com/twist. That's quo.com/twist. This is one of my favorite products in the world. It gets my highest endorsement. >> I we we take a very biodal uh view of of how we invest in some of this. In some areas, you go with super deep domain experts that understand the workflows, the politics, the incentives, the data sets, etc. And they have the credibility to get the partners they need to design and build systems to attack problems in in particular verticals. But we're also very extensive investors in what Shield, you know, described as sort of these young, this is their first job and they're just sort of hacker type personas that have no idea how an industry
works. Because we also believe when you have these tectonic shifts and nobody knows where it's going, you need heat-seeking missiles that um you know are just insatiably curious moves super quickly and iterate and it and it's somewhat Darwinian and that a lot of these things don't work but when they do work they reinvent industries to an even greater degree that anyone from the industry might do. So like someone from telecom wasn't going to invent Snapchat or someone from the hotel industry wasn't going to invent Airbnb, right? So you look at it from a completely new paradigm in a blank sheet of paper. You have some of the most revolutionary um you know advancements because you're not burdened by sort of the the prior logic and and um maybe constraints that the industry had faced historically. So I I I I think it's a really interesting time for sort sort of young founders um because you can
also do so much with so little money much like what cloud computing did for people to sort of not need all the sort of capex in order to get off the ground. I mean what you can do to spin up and iterate quickly with these AI tools is is pretty incredible unlock. I think how AI pill the founders are has an impact on how we think about them because they're going to take the bets that they feel will be the right bets for the company in the coming years. Uh they're making uh an informed uh approach about you know what the underlying capability of the large frontier models will be and then they're uh basing the bet on the company on that. So being AI pill is probably I guess very very an important axis. Now um age wise I've seen all various ages. Yes you know they're the younger founders but also you know folks who are like you know clearly like in their 30s and 40s and 50s. Uh but because they
are able to take the ambitious bets and they think about you know you know like we investing in a a chip design company that is going to release a chip with like 20 folks because they have so many more agents that can do a lot of design and exploration and all of the hard work of generating the RTL and and also all the way to physical design. Um I I think it's just a new world now and so um I think we all have to reassess what the what the what the high quality founder looks like but we're all learning u there is no uh pre-made template like okay thou shalt look like this or thou shalt be at this age I I think we all have to just fundamentally question our known beliefs here. Yeah, I mean I my only thing to add is like for me, you know, taking the sort of venture hat off, I just think it's spectacular how every, you know, generation of technology seems to exacerbate the skew of outcomes of
every young generation. So, you know, you know, one way to say it is it seems like the median gets slightly worse, but the extremes get in immensely powerful. And so when I see some, you know, the other day I was spending some time with this this 19-year-old. He wasn't a founder or anything. Uh and he and he just showed he was just showing me he was introduced to me by a founder. He said, "Hey, this guy's really smart. You should chat with him." And he was showing me his flow of how he did things. And um and to me it was just remarkable. He had, you know, this tab of, hey, here's a bunch of my 50 agents that are running and it's just trying to break different websites at once. and then it'll alert me when it breaks a website and then I get to do something with it. Um, and I can just collect bounties off of this. And I'm like, how are you doing this at at 19? Just boggles my mind. I wouldn't
have even thought to to to to think about this. So, it is it is pretty exceptional how much it can amplify um talent at that at that level. Any I do wanted to touch on another topic which comes up all the time. I was recently out of my tech bubble and uh I was at a friend's wedding and the only AI topic that seemed to come up at this wedding was how are you using your muse or instinct? And I thought that was quite funny because they talked about nothing else model related. It was just Muse instinct. And then some of the hedge fund guys were like, "Our venture capitalists absolutely bonkers. Why would you fund this for $10 billion? It doesn't make money. Please explain this to me." Um and and so uh let's let's let me just start with that like a how do you you know when people ask you and I'm sure maybe some people have outside of the tech bubble what is up with these valuations for something
like an instinct is your is your instinct to to defend it and say hey you know actually there's a world where this might actually be an amazing company for these these these reasons or are you sort of like you know I don't I don't really know um how do What do you guys think about it? >> I'm a bear. >> Oh, >> I I look I think these personal agents I think this is actually going to be an unlock period for personal agents and it's going to be super exciting in the next few years. I think a lot of what I've seen with other people and certainly applies to myself is there's only so many points of entry into my private data that I want and you know you know it my my Gmail has you know social security numbers, taxes, like all sorts of things that you know it just gets very dangerous at some point to have too many like things plug into that. And obviously like Facebook has just massive distribution.
I I was actually looking this up with a a founder friend of mine and it's something like, you know, three and a half billion people on the platform, you know, and and and Google with YouTube and everything is similar, right? I think it's even greater. It's like four billion people. It's like half the people on the planet and it's like something like 70 75% of people on that are connected to the internet, right? And so, you know, the distribution reach they have, the the intimacy they already have through Gmail or Apple or, you know, I think is not is a very very difficult thing to get over. And so, you know, I I think either a a more specialized model versus a gen general sort of personal assistant. I I just think it's a it's very non-trivial to overcome getting people to give you access to their most intimate uh information that is dangerous from a cyber threat type of standpoint. And and
I think people are going to really want high levels of trust and security. And and I and I think this is an area that could favor incumbents unless you're highly specialized like travel or something like that where you just have real advantage in a particular domain. Um but but we'll see. Um so I think paying that kind of valuation even if you have a super slick product that versus distribution and the ad networks and everything that the the huge platforms have I think is it's a that's a big uphill battle from my standpoint. So instinct, you don't think this will overcome distribution. That makes sense. What about Muse at large? Like do you think Muse is a billion user product, billion DAO product? >> I mean, it could be. I mean, look, I think it I think OpenAI ran into this situation, right? They they they're if you look at what they're building relative to like I mean, it's Google's to
lose in a lot of ways and they seem to be footfalling again. they seem to be on, you know, the the balls of their feet for a while and now they're now they seem to be a little off. But, um, you know, OpenAI, you know, needed to build monetization, right, to bring the cost down for a lot of folks. And that's going to be, you know, some sort of where the where the consumer is the product, right? And the and the payer is someone who has a commercial interest in selling something to or showing something to that consumer, right? Right. So, they had to build out an ad network. Then they're also trying to build hardware devices and sort of the whole stack that like decades of work have gone in at Apple and Google and and whatnot. And so, you know, I I think it's not just distribution. It's distribution and the and the ad ecosystem and the wallets and the pay I mean like all of the different things
that you need in order to do everything to commercial transactions to advertising and the network of of of commercial relationships that you need in order to monetize this in order to subsidize it for the consumer to make these agents, you know, free or or very low cost for them. And so I think it's there's there's lots of layers of the stack that the incumbents have. And look, startups beat incumbents all the time, but I don't think, you know, you know, paying that kind of entry valuation. To me, the the risks are significant even if the reward is significant. And it's hard to justify that riskreward sort of trade-off in my mind. >> I think it was a bit of like tail wagging the dog. The company had to raise so much money um because compute is expensive right now. And um I I think you you have to believe if you're investing at that price, you have to believe that this is going to be at least
one of the major consumer interfaces. And so if it if personal agents are a major consumer interface that we use for travel purchases, um restaurants, those are the things people are using them for right now, insurance, a bunch of others. Um you can certainly make money. I don't I don't doubt that you can make money doing it. Um, I think where I struggle is that Instinct will be the winner rather than OpenAI, Google Meta, maybe Apple. Um, and of course, we've seen since the time that Instinct came out a couple months ago, we've seen a whole host of other agent companies come along, and obviously not every one of them will be able to raise the amount of money you need on compute to be successful. Um, I feel like Instinct did a tremendous job at their launch and um, at least four VCs got a lot of hype early. They were out a little bit before Muse and that was great. Um, Muse is a phenomenal
product. Uh, you've seen it in Meta's stock price. Um, but Instinct, you know, I I personally use Instinct all the time. Um, and I've tried out others. Hark came out yesterday. Uh, Sesame has a product. There's several other products that I saw just launching today. People are constantly messaging me, hey, try this one. I actually have personal agent fatigue. Um, where I'm pretty reluctant to try another one. And again, input all of my data. So, uh, it'll be interesting to see what happens. I personally think that the large companies have a huge benefit here. Um, but I can understand why you would underwrite Instinct to a 10 billion, which is like what are the odds that this becomes the major consumer interface? That's worth a lot of money and if the odds of happening, you know, you sort of like build some distribution on what how the likelihood of that happening. Uh, I think it's tough though.
And then just to follow up, do you think Muse is going to be that say say Instinct maybe struggles to compete on distribution? Do you think Muse actually hits a billion you know daily users who continue to use personal agents or I mean and I asked this question in the vein of like or you know is this sort of a first world type problem of like people have to book flights and restaurants in the in the Bay Area but most of the world really doesn't care that much about this. How do you where do you stand on that? >> Yeah, I think a billion users is a big number. Um, and and I don't think that there's a billion DAUs for this product, but there are a lot of use cases out there. There are a lot of like in a lot of the world, you still have to like enter information into a shitty system. Like I've used it for a lot of medical things. Um, and actually, interestingly enough, um, like I I used it to
pay a healthcare bill recently and, um, Muse wouldn't do it because it only has my tokenized credit card data. Um, Instinct stored my credit card data in plain text, which is not great, but it actually was able to pay my medical bill in a way that Muse was not able to. But I I I think there are certainly hundreds of millions of DAUs that this is a product people can use. People talk about it as if like only VCs have this problem, and it's true. People don't travel as much as we do. Um, but people do make purchases. Um, I over the weekend was at a bachelor party and um, I actually used it instead of splitwise. It actually automatically knew what purchases I'd made and it was just like and it had a spreadsheet of everybody who was there and what times they were coming in. So, it actually automatically split everything amongst everyone instantly. Pretty useful thing. Again, not something that
happens every day, but happens often enough for everyone. I >> I think the category can become really, really large, right? this could become the way that people interface with anything digital, right? Like, you know, if if I just work with my agent, I happen to be trying out Vajjo, which is a KV portfolio company, their Asian foe. Um, if I don't need to call another physical business to, I don't know, organize my 8-year-old's birthday party, I am happy, right? Like all the way, you know, take is they can go even recruit the human they would need to go carry out a task. Um, if somebody else can just take over all that from my plate, I think the value I would pay could be very high. So I I do think that if the if the company gets the trust gets into the workflow of our day-to-day lives and like Shel said, you know, we have the fatigue like we don't want to continue to train different agents
and get them connected on how we think about and what our preferences and how we would like to do work. So there is stickiness possible here. So I do think the category can be very very large. Um I am not a consumer investor and so coming in at a 10 billion kind of a price would be like just something I would not think of. So very early bets on trying out something very different uh approach. Uh you know I did make an investment in a company called Rabbit that got a lot of flack because they promised too much. But if you look back like this is what they had promised like you would have a device you would just talk to it. It would do the task that you need and not worry about individual apps. So the but coming in at a very early price to say like hey this is a bet worth taking. I would do that a 10 billion price as an entry point. I would be worried about that. >> I have to go around the table
and ask everybody what their favorite use case for themselves. I know Sheila, you already had a great one um for a personal assistant was because everyone keeps asking me this and they're like, "Look, I can only think of flights and you know these really stupid sort of basic things I could already click buttons to do." Uh my personal favorite one so far has been and I guess it's it's with an asterisk as it's still yet to be completely done is I was flying back from from this wedding from from the EU and two of my flights back toback were delayed. So I ended up being 6 hours late and I was just frustrated. I find out thanks thank you um I'm not going to say which I use instinct. Okay. Thank you, Instinct, for telling me that that I'm eligible for a € 600 um uh refund because this is how the EU works. So, I said, "Great. I don't I don't want to fill any forms. Can you go and figure out how
to get me this this amazing refund cuz my flight's 6 hours late?" And it went ahead and did a bunch of stuff and chatted with an agent and tried to escalate to a real person and then did that and then asked for their manager and it was it was just phenomenal. and they sent a few emails and it said, "Look, your case, here's your case number. We're going to get it for you." Um, I was very impressed. I said, "Look, if you can automatically get me that the money that I clearly rightfully deserve for my flight being late, um, this is a good use case of of an agent." So, with that, uh, you know, Chris Ganu, anything anything exciting that you have used instinct or muse for? >> There's a lot of stuff like that. Um, you know, there's a lot of stuff where there's like a little bit of friction and using an agent makes it easier. You do wonder like so many business models are built on that little bit
of friction preventing people from doing it. So, you do wonder what changes. I I do a lot in fintech and I think a lot about finances and you know, credit cards, they charge you more interest. If an agent can automatically move your debt from a credit card somewhere else, what happens? There's a bunch of things like that. Um so I think that's another interesting thing is like how do businesses change when friction is reduced. Yeah, I haven't used Instinct um for the reasons I mentioned mostly because I didn't want to give it access to you know all of the data. Um, but I have built personal operating systems and claude and whatnot that I find sort of really helpful as like a chief of staff for big pro big complex projects that sort of take all the inputs from, you know, all the different, you know, whether it's granola or, you know, calendar and email and all this type of stuff with with with
all the research I do around a project. On top of it, I'm I'm also really bullish on personal finance use cases cuz it's like the bane of my existence of like got to aggregate all this stuff and then give it to an accountant or whatever it is like just the paperwork health on the health care side like that type of stuff is the stuff that not only is it time consuming and requires some level of expertise and there's tons of intentional bureaucracy and friction in that but it's also like very painful like sort of time on on things that I don't enjoy doing. Um that I would, you know, have a lot of value um for those types of use cases. I'm most bullish and excited about sort of personal finance use cases and and just all the administia that we that we deal with in our lives that that hopefully we can identify and not have to deal with uh insurers that deny things for for stupid reasons when
they really shouldn't. >> I haven't used them for any of cases where I would have to share any personal information like my credit card or SSN. I mean, there was an incident yesterday. somebody reported that uh you know their agent shared their personal bank account information on a on a company's group Slack etc. So I don't trust it but for you know like I mentioned organizing my 8-year-old's birthday party calling up different places who can accommodate with you know these business are open between 9 and 5. I have other things to do between 9 and 5 Monday to Friday. I don't want to be on a phone calling up who I called, what information I gave them, what was the next follow-up step, what's I need to fire up a quote. Like all of those bloody annoying tasks can be now taken care of by my foe. I' I'd pay for that, right? So, um yeah, I've been using it for very lightweight but just stuff or
areas which are not exciting for me. >> Fascinating. Fascinating. I guess one thing that I I was um thinking about hypothetically kind of to shield your point is there was this really viral um Twitter post that I saw maybe about a week ago where um it it was some senior banker I believe who kind of made this hypothetical which I I kind of thought was a little bit absurd but he was like well if everyone's going to use a personal agent and everyone says hey help me with my finances then what if we have a bank run and uh because everyone's agents tell them, hey, you ought to take all your money out of the bank and um put it in XYZ assets. Do you you know I guess how do people feel? I mean not specifically about that but this general highle idea which is the more that the more diffusion that happens with these AI tools wi within humanity more people are going to outsource their decision making
perhaps to you this homogeneous sort of entity that makes decisions in you know surprisingly similar ways across different groups of people and what are the implications of that for the systems that weren't built for this sort of, you know, mass homogeneous behavior to happen at once. Um whether it's something as simple as everyone now wants to have reservations to the top hotel, a top restaurant in San Francisco and so they can't accommodate anything. Um or whether it's a bank run or whether it's one of like a hundred different things that could go wrong because systems weren't really designed to handle that sort of behavior. Do you think that's a real risk? and and what happens and how do we how do we control for something like that? >> I think there's a lot of systems in the world that are built on breakage, right? that that the very sophisticated that can h that are at scale that can
hire people to help them navigate whether it's you know you fighting the airline to get you know your $600 back or it's you know insurance is a very common one obviously like where they deny things that they should really do and put hoops and but there's always been like rebates all you know all sorts of things that are you know that make you feel like you're getting a good deal on something but then it makes it very painful to actually execute you and get what you're you're due. I I think agents will hopefully reduce some of that friction, right? And it'll become more transparent and more rules-based like you know banks will have to become more competitive on the interest rates that they pay right for being your bank account otherwise you'll move it to somewhere that pays a higher interest because the friction is removed for doing that and so I think it it will it will force some leveling
of the playing field I think in certain areas and there'll certainly be companies that try to to fight back against that but at some point when you have a relentless agent on your you know on your side. I I think you know businesses will have to to clean up some of those elements. We are not going back to a world where we don't know this capability of AI exists or you know the the fact that an agent can take care of the things that I don't want to do and if businesses on their side don't keep up like they can't accommodate an agent calling and taking the order etc or like doing you know the number of orders they can do or trust issues or you know mention banks like the the businesses will have to solve it at their end and more opportunities for startups to go solve that um and and think different like what could be the right way what could be the long-term um correct way of having this system
work. >> We're already seeing it in searches, right? Like how Google search was designed for humans and you would go down like one page, two pages and that's it. Like that was a search. Agents don't search like that. Agents can go to 800 of those links and try to surface our best information. U this is you know high levels company uh parallel systems is working on cuz we have to rethink how the world is going to exist. um given now that we know AI and agents are not going away. Uh and I think this is going to be opportunities for businesses to you know get more AI build and and serve their customers with matching capability. There's one there's okay there's one thing that I can't get away with this uh this podcast uh not talking about which is uh man I woke up I think it was Wednesday last week to the funniest drama that I have seen on Twitter in a while and this was factory vcognition and
I happened to be on a plane with a bunch of people who happen to be in venture and we were just smiling to ourselves going like I'm not sure why this is such a big deal but I'm glad glad it happened cuz it's so entertaining. Um [laughter] and um and and we we we we happened to we happened to have you know Ganu obviously you're at Kosla who was at the center of uh of of of this spat. I'm not really sure what the spat really even was besides, you know, of course there was a there was somebody like I think on the board of of factory who who went to cognition and that's how it started and then which you know I I mean I would say this sort of stuff happens and usually it's a small thing but um it really really blew up. Uh Matan posted this tweet. Matan is the CEO and founder of factory. Uh Scott, the founder of cognition responded to it and um and then at some point uh Vinode says you know factories
is a second tier competitor despite being investors in factory and I think you know Kanu like everyone just wanted to know like you know did Vinod forget that he was an investor is that was his true opinion what what happened >> honestly I know what you guys know right because it's um I'm I'm not in the boardrooms of any of those companies. Uh I I I do like that the MDs in the firm are going to stand for their founders. Uh but that's all I get to say about it. Like that's all I know. Honestly, I I was not in boardrooms or the conversations with Chris or any of the founders. I I'm a huge fan of both Madan and Scott. So, um yeah, I I know what you guys know. I think there's a more there's an interesting question here around should should investors be investing in competitive companies and that you know really for a long time it wasn't a thing and then in this cycle it's super accelerated and
and most of the the multi-stage funds have multiple investments in in competing companies and I think um what I've seen is people tend to take favorites and it's the company that's doing that's doing well. I think in this case both are doing fairly well. Um and you have just different partners defending their company. Um I I wonder if at some point founders say, "Hey, this is Like we're not going to talk to you." That was the case like 10 years ago and then it became not the case more recently. Um but I I wonder if that changes. >> Look, I I think a couple things. First off, it's one of the greatest strengths of Silicon Valley. Um that but is also a weakness is that the amount of you know basically sharing that happens across the valley founder to founder on like best practice and what's going on and it's an incredibly open place from that standpoint which is wonderful. So tons of people
are are investors in all sorts of other companies you know in adjacent domains and all these types of things is I think really wonderful to pay it forward. Um the flip side is you also gain a lot of intelligence and like where are the lines on you know crossing something that should be proprietary and whatnot and where can you use them in what context and people are going to disagree and there's obviously going to be you know two perspectives on that and sometimes people cross into the unethical like I'm not saying I I have no sense of what happened in this scenario but um you know just it's it's very inherent that like you know that when we have this co-opetition as you know look at Microsoft soft and opening eye or all these types of things. they're partners one minute and then they're enemies and then they're frenemies and now they're you know you just have a lot of this dynamic or Nvidia
right is the you know selling to all the big labs now they're you know competing on the openweight side just like you know you know many of the cloud guys are now competing on the chip side and so you you've got just sort of this fierce competition and it's going to spill out and get ugly at times when people feel the pressure right and so I think overall it's generally a net positive because it drives competition and innovation and you know acceleration of this and trans transference of knowledge across the whole ecosystem. is what makes Silicon Valley so unique is that you've got so many people competing and collaborating and learning from each other but it has these ramifications and then there's some big personalities and you know no you PR I guess is you know no PR is bad PR I guess I don't know um we'll see but it's uh certainly a fight for attention as well in their in the mix we we
we should mention uh Menllo put some money into factory this week since since the story broke so was this was this part of the discussion at all behind the scenes or is just like you're talking about the company and the fundamentals and not what what's going on on X? >> No, you know, look, as you know, uh these decisions are typically like made before they're announced. So they were they were two separate um decisions and um and and you know I think one of the things it was funny cuz after that was announced that that we were um you know invested in factory. Matan gave us a shout out. Sean gave us a shout out. I had my cognition friends text me saying uh hey like do you guys like do do you guys not like cognition? And I'm like, "Look, man. I'm firms invest like I think both of them are great companies. I don't know why you're making it seem like I have to pick a side." Um, like we invested
in in one of them, but you know, I think I think both of them are are fantastic companies and I think there's a bunch of room for both. Uh, it is interesting to be a part of um, you know, a vocal public spat in some way, though. So, um, >> yeah, >> I I I wasn't involved personally in the investment, so I I I don't know. >> Kind of waited in there just at the last second, so I had to ask. [laughter] >> Yeah, you I think the the question about, you know, our are funds investing in competing companies and is, you know, how does that work? I don't think we we at the outset we are trying to find because we we obviously don't want them to fight or want to go after the same talent or the same customer like those are hard problems but companies pivot and sometimes these markets are so large and you know the the starting point and in the starting uh wedge could be very different how the companies
grow can be very different especially given how quickly AI agents the approach and how enterprises are going to think about this capabilities changing so rapidly it'll be silly to say like hey we one robotic investment and that's it and we won't make another one or we have like one investment in agents and we won't make another one. I mean the world's going to move really quickly and if you find interesting wedges uh and yes you know if if companies do end up going after similar talent or similar uh customers then you know what we do at Coalent is we have a very crisp a very clear uh Chinese wall between those two partners that are working with those companies and none of the information ever gets shared. Um it's and we take that very very strictly. Um and you know it's again we don't start like we want to invest in five of these companies but companies pivot very quickly right now especially
when they're trying out different business models and different use cases and if it happens that they're weighing after the same cases they they don't share information. >> Shield Chris do you do you uh how do you feel about that? Would you invest in competing companies or does has it happened that you have invested in companies that happen to pivot to being competitive and how do you deal with that? >> Yeah at the outset we don't. Um we have had it happen where companies sort of pivoted into a closer competitive nature than we had originally planned and you know there's not much you could do about it. >> Yeah. I mean you know especially I mean you want to go in intentionally doing that and and I know some firms have like a mortal enemies list and then like you know some founders are like everything's a competitor you know. Yeah. You know if I'm open AI like everything from like Apple to
Instinct are all competitors right? you know, and so, you know, I mean, I and I think you're going to you're going to follow a lot of the same trends like we're you you sort of you sort of find your wedge of entry, but then the world evolves the way it does and everyone is reacting to those same developments in technology or business models or the landscape or whatever it is. And so they may converge at some points, but at the end of the day, most of these companies do not win and lose based on another competitor, right? most of it is execution and team and you know and and they find different either geographies or segments or verticals or whatever they end up going. So they may compete for a while and then diverge again and you know obviously sometimes they're direct competitors but even even ones that are direct competitors in one element often you know don't overlap in others. So, I mean,
it's it's you just have to do your best to to to try to create Chinese walls when this happens and, you know, be very transparent with founders as much as you can to to try to manage uh those dynamics. But it it is it's an inevitability regardless of where you start. You know, everyone's following the same trend. So, they they often end up overlapping at some point. >> And didn't like Grubbot announce today that they will use underlying model whichever is the best model for their use case. Um I think that's you know just how quickly you know people's what's important like what is important for grogbot to win is getting access to the best model and you know Elon announced like yeah this could be claude opus it could be codex immunity whichever is the best model they would use that right so um I think that is it's it's partly in like yes you know you need to have the best experience for your
customer uh figure out what your flywheel etc is and and just use the best stack that you can create for them. Yeah, another another example with X is that, you know, they they had the capacity on the data center side and they ended up, you know, leasing it a very large lease to tens of billions of dollars to Anthropic, right? So, they're both competing with each other and supplying each other. I mean, it's just the nature of these things. >> I have like a couple of big um things that I think are are pretty interesting as well that to talk about that are somewhat related to this. Um let's let's maybe talk about like a somewhat easier one which is we've seen what happened with with what's happening with bending spoons and you know there was this mro acquisition there was the air table acquisition you know some of the the SAS darlings from the 2010s are um you know now not looking as hot as
they once were. Um yet you know like I think you know some people like to be very alarmist and say you know maybe maybe SAS is dead and yes there's some public market multiple compression on some of these SAS businesses but at the same time like Figma continues to deliver phenomenal numbers um quarter after quarter there are a bunch of companies like that that continue to to outperform in public markets. That being said, when when we look at early stage companies as as you may see and may know, it is really hard to um I think Hmon from from GC says this a bunch in in a bunch of his interviews which is you look at a traditional SAS business which is a top- down cell and it has these 322 dynamics where you grow 3x 3x 2x 2x 2x year over year typically because that is just the physics of the growth of the business and how how fast you can hire sales reps and sell and quota, etc. Um, and those
are just not quick enough compared to how quickly some of, you know, quote unquote the AI businesses or any businesses that charge on um, consumption can grow. So, you know, what tends to happen is, you know, even if you have a very solid modern-day enterprise SAS business, the talent goes away. The sales people are like, "Hey, why am I working here? I should be working somewhere that's going to pay me way way more." Um, how does that affect how you view top-down SAS businesses? Is it a concern for you at all? Or is it, you know, this is a storm you have to uh weather and then it you come out the back of 20 28 and everything's fine again or you know what is your what is your view? Is this dead? Is SAS just dead forever? What what's going to happen? Is it not venturebackable anymore? >> Well, I don't think that is is ever true. All these things go through cycles. semis was out of favor for
a while. Now it's the new hotness. Like I mean defense tech would have been like uninvestable for venture literally by by LPA at all for h most venture funds and now you know it's it's a hot domain. So I I I don't think in absolutes in any of these things. I mean obviously the SAS players have been selling sort of systems of record and workflows and you know tooling and whatnot and the AI companies are often going after the labor on top of it. So it expands the TAM pretty significantly um because the spend on on labor tends to be or magnitude bigger than the spend on on tech budgets underneath them for worker productivity and whatnot you know but as I said it also changes other dimensions right so you move from hor you know like the biggest enterprise companies were always horizontal because a salesforce could sell to every industry whereas somebody who was a vertical SAS player could only
sell into that market but when you flip it in AI high and say all of a sudden, okay, you're going after the labor layer, so it's an order of magnitude bigger some of these. And now you can build data density and specialization and whatnot to get to better outputs quicker in verticals than you can do horizontally, you know, like vertically became, you know, an an area that became much more investable in AI than it was in the SAS era. So I think these things all sort of migrate through and it's it's difficult to predict over the long horizon. Um but you know if if SAS enables the upstream workflows and you can monetize that I think the historical as you said physics of the growth rate of SAS change if you have to stay at the system of record level and can't move into you know the intelligence on top of it and the act agency and execution then then you're probably more constrained and it just
has to be factored into the price. It doesn't mean you can't invest in it. It's just the capital efficiency and the price that you enter, you know, has to has to be, you know, uh, adjusted accordingly. >> Yeah. I think it's interesting. I mean, I think like some of these businesses are literally I think of as like cigar butt businesses where like literally probably they're going to disappear over some amount of time because what you can do with these SAS tools is not different than what you can do with a general tool. And we've seen that in like 1.0, know you know in in the AI era actually we saw it with like the writing tools and obviously writing was something that so simple that you don't need a specific tool for it um I think that's probably true of some of these SAS businesses too I think you know it doesn't happen overnight I think what happens is seatbased pricing probably shrinks
um software creation gets easier there probably more competitors you can do a lot more with the general models the interface gets disintermediated and then I Think one that is probably more true now than ever is like switching costs have gone away. It's just so easy to switch from one product to another because AI can do the switching for you. Agents can do the migration. So I I think that is a challenge and you look at a bunch of these companies like the ones that Bending Spoons has acquired and they have to figure out something and like what they're doing is dramatically taking out costs and increasing prices. They're kind of like a private equity firm in that way and I think they're doing a good job with it. I don't know that I would want to be customer of those products going forward. Um, but you know, I I think what they're doing makes sense. At the same time, some of these companies
[clears throat] that are trading down so poorly actually, you know, are are delivering great results and they continue to deliver great results. But I think part of this is look, we had a big overhang of COVID era 0% interest rates where like we thought those multiples made sense and held up and part of it is just like when that went away those multiples went away coupled with the AI disintermediation. So it's a bunch of things happening at once that has led to this. I look guys, I know we're at 70 minutes in and so we should probably try to wrap up at some point, but the last sort of set of questions I'd love to get from you is um what what is top of mind for for all of you now? Like what what are you you know thinking about, worried about, trying to learn more about um when it comes to tech and and startups today? And you know, maybe and while you answer that like where where are you spending
your time to learn about this kind of stuff? Is it are you a call people and talk to them or read stuff online, read reports? Um I think that's what a lot of people uh who probably watch this want to know like where where do we get our information from? So and and what sort of questions are you asking? So maybe I'll go around Robin and you know you just spoke. So Kanu, why don't why don't we start with uh start with you not to put you on the spot. >> Like I know I mentioned I do early stage investing in uh normally fairly like frontier tech, deep tech. So one of the things that I try to keep up with everything that's advancing in AI, right? So um and [clears throat] it's it's it's tough, right? Like even my friends at open anthropic tell me like it's hard to keep up with everything that's happening in AI. So you know what shot do I have? But I try right I do spend a lot of time with universities
with professors with some of their staff students. Uh to understand you know what can be demonstrable in the next 2 3 years versus what might still be hype. Uh and having a sense of that as I make investment decisions becomes very important. uh it helps me assess technical talent from my portfolio. Uh helps me assess uh you know what's really novel, what's defensible like so I do spend a lot of time in universities. Um I also have been um you know helping leading some of the robotics investments at KV. Uh I do land up spending time with their target customers right like some factories and manufacturing plants. Um I want to understand what is happening on those end sites like what is the challenge in scaling deployment what can what needs to exist what how it can be solved where is AI helping adoption um and so yeah like the physical world around us and you know what's needed to get past the
the known challenges of adoption in robotics I've been spending a lot of time in that and one of the things I'm trying to get smarter about is you know new rulings by the FCC on you know what needs what what is require ired for it to be compliant for robotic sale. uh you know today it's like 65% of the bomb needs to be sourced or licensed from US USfriendly next year is going to be 75 and really what is the intent behind it and what can companies do and what are current companies doing u I'm trying to get smarter about that and talking to a ton of um companies but also people who are coming up with these laws like what is the intent what are we trying to achieve and what can be done differently so yeah all of those are areas where I spend time uh trying to just have um firsthand knowledge on you know what what should be investable >> you know very similar. I mean, I think you've got to go
to the source, right? I think it's very easy to be in the echo chamber. So that means the technologists at one level that are are not just developing the technology but applying it, right? It means the you know the labs and whatnot that are that are that are working on the frontier. It means the end customers that are trying to sort of use it in their work case and justify an ROI and you know the change management and all that type of stuff. and and as Connor said, also the regulators, right, which is a relatively new phenomena. I think as you go after the labor layer, it looks a lot different than selling it into a CTO. Um, and there's it's going to be very political, right? You see it in data center buildouts, but I think you're going to see it in spades and in uh and physical AI. You know, as you start to have humanoid robots, people are going to feel it's hard to choke GPT, but you can
definitely throw a beer bottle at a at a at a robot or or a Whimo. So I I think that physical incarnation will will have a very visceral reaction for a lot of people. And so sort of understanding consumer psychology, you know, how enterprise is adopting and I just try to do a listening tour of everyone uh all over the world who is who is trying to apply this stuff to understand and calibrate you know particularly as the head of the firm you know you know all of the people who are doing deep dives in individual domains how it fits into a broader context and dynamic that you're going to do because it's not just technology that's going to impact it's the capital markets it's financing because the because the capital intensity is so big now, right? Understanding that side of of Wall Street and the credit side and things that, you know, have not historically been something that really mattered
in venture, but when you've got multi-billion dollar data center buildouts for, you know, or chip buys, like it's it's a it's a different dynamic and you've got to understand at lots of altitudes and lots of horizontal, you know, so it's it's a it's a multi-dimensional problem that's only gotten more complex. >> Yeah. I I think your first question was like what what's on my mind and it's really thinking about we're a seed fund and it's like how how does what does a seed fund mean in 2026 and when you know when seed rounds are getting done at hund00 million plus valuations at times? Um where do we invest? Are there still diamonds in the rough to be found or you know like are we okay investing in companies where the outcome is you know a billion dollars or or less than a billion dollars and so it's like all things I'm thinking about um as we think about the future of our firm um and it feels
like as you know up until now it still feels like we've been able to find diamonds in the rough and come in at a reasonable price own enough of the company that has done really well. Um, and I wonder if that's even changed in the last couple of years. Um, in terms of like you you also asked like what what do we where do we read? How do we do research? I think we at times have had a thesis on a general area. So a few years ago we did a thesis around accounting and did some homework. Spoke to a bunch of execs in the accounting space. Decided we want to invest there. where we invested in three companies and and they've all done quite well. Uh would do more in that category. Um and so you know I think we try to just have a prepared mind going into anything and the focus area for us in fintech helps us do that. >> Makes sense. I I'll just close out by saying my my answer to the above and there's
a elements of what you know all of you said and particularly I like trying to go to the source as much as possible for a lot of the what I invest in that source happens to be playing with products and software and tools and actually seeing how these things function where the gaps where are the holes it helps me do a lot of diligence cuz man I we see so many claw decks and it's so easy to say spew jargon um that a lot of investors sometimes don't understand and so really understanding how the technology works for me has been very critical to be able to cut through some of that jargon and be like okay what are you actually building here what is actually hard to do here um and so I do spend a lot of time there and then of course yes universities and professors um as well probably less with regulators than than some of you but um yeah the but look I mean for thank you guys for uh for coming and
uh I think we covered a lot of ground. Um so I'm really happy with how how how this podcast went. I don't think I can take Jal's job quite yet, but hopefully he uh >> You did a great job, man. >> You were right there. >> I think JCL [snorts] will be proud of you. >> I try to channel my inner JCL. Um and hopefully he watches this and says uh it's up to his bar. So >> I'm sure I'm sure he will. Uh yeah. So, thank you to our whole panel. Kamugali of Kosla Ventures. Uh Chris Farmer, he had to step out, but he's the founder and CEO of Signifier. Of course, Shio Monat from Better Tomorrow Ventures. And Dee Doss, our incredible fill-in guest host from Menllo Ventures. Amazing job. Couldn't couldn't have done it better myself. Legitimately, I could not have. Uh just as a quick before we dip out, we have lots of open launch roles here in Austin, in Tokyo, in Saudi Arabia, and now in Calgary, Alberta.
If you want to find out more about those, go to careers.launch.co. Finally, we have a new Substack as part of our Substack family of newsletters. This week in VC, it's going to feature VC roundtables just like the one that you just watched and other informative ones like this every week, plus fresh deals, posts, and more stuff. That's at this week at this week inv.substack.com. Again, thanks to our panel, thanks to our guest host, DD Doss. We will see you next time on this week at Startups.