Almost every company has now [music] bought the exact same AI technology as everybody else. Almost none of them are getting [music] the results back that they expected. I spent 30 years inside the rooms where the world's biggest companies [music] decide how work actually gets done. And every single month I hear from 100 Fortune 500 tech executives about what's really happening behind all of the broad announcements. So today I'm sitting down with Peter Diamandis to discuss [music] why companies aren't getting the most out of AI. Peter founded X-Prize. He co-founded Singularity University [music] and he spent his entire career seeing where technology goes years before the rest of us even get there. By the end of this conversation, you're going to know what [music] the handful of companies who really are getting great results what they're doing differently and whether you can fix the company
that you already have or you need to build a new one. So Keith, we're we're here in my Moonshot podcast studio and every week twice a week, we talk about how fast the AI world is changing. I mean, I used to be able to track, you know, entire year of progress. It's hard to track three days of progress right now. And I have to imagine that a lot of companies are both excited about these tools that are coming their way, but also fearful about getting left behind. Uh, how do I best do this? You know, we're not an AI native company. How do we compete against AI native startups? Yeah. >> What are you seeing inside of companies? >> You know, this is where I love our partnership because you're looking at the technology and you're looking at the speed and the velocity, the advancements of technology. I spend every day of my life in large enterprises working with the executive teams trying to take
that technology and figure out what to do with it. And I promise you it is not nearly at the speed that you're seeing. >> Yeah. I mean, there are a few companies out there particularly, you know, the core tech companies like Anthropic, like Google, etc. But I even see under the hoods of those organizations, they're not even using it with the velocity with which the technology itself is advancing. Let's talk for a second about what's really happening. As you know, I've got a group of 90 of the Fortune 500s, the chief technology officers, the chief operating officers, heads of HR, chief financial officers, and I bring this group together. And my mission is very simple. We will help each other leap forward years by sharing our real life best practices. No fireside chats about what's possible. Everybody comes and they talk about here's what I'm using AI for. Here's the results that I've gotten
and here's what you can do. My research institute has to scrape to find these examples. >> So is it that they are not actually getting the kinds of breakthroughs that they imagine they're going to get or are they not experimenting enough? Because I mean the problem with large corporations is they're so stuck in their ways and everybody's you know protecting their fifdom. Are they running the experiments? I I've created a model that I help my teams understand that there's three ways of thinking about AI implementation inside of a company. One is the the fundamental redesign of your company, right? So, Amazon fundamentally redesigned the future of publishing, commerce, etc. They they saw technology back in at the time and they reinvented an entire industry. There's that possibility. The next possibility is how do you take what you do every day? I'm a procurement person and I'm buying >> Yeah.
How do I use AI to re-engineer the workflows of what I do every single day? That's not the third area, which is how do I use the tools to improve productivity? The problem is that most companies, they first access to AI relative to the the tools. So all of a sudden you got Claude or Chat GBT available to you or Gemini available to you. It wouldn't be a surprise that a single individual thinking about how to use a tool differently wouldn't find radical results, right? They're going to see productivity enhancements. and and I do see that depending upon the space engineering 50 to 80% improvement in productivity of specific engineers not everybody can use the tools well so we should talk about how do you get your people using the tools better to advance productivity of their particular role now the second place as you well know AI is not new it's been around for a long time so how do you think
about how AI re-engineers the product of your company the technology companies have been using AI for a long time that's been around and the question is how do we rethink business models entirely new business models to rethink the company and that's number two and then the place where we're gaining the least traction but it's the greatest possibility is re-engineering workflows and I can say that customer service is the place that will make the greatest impact today we're going to be seeing the absolute elimination of call centers down to the very basics we're going to be seeing significantly improved customer experience so that is actually gone further than anyone else and we can talk about the successes there sales support is another one freeing sales people up to sell and that's been a big and what I zerobased workflow redesign. And then the um the third area is going to be supply chain.
Those are the areas where we're going to see the biggest impact. And those are the ones that we've been able to find the real research. YC is a is the largest incubator in the world, right? 200 companies a quarter that give them each a half a million bucks. So hund00 million a quarter. Yeah. >> And they're birthing these companies. I think 12% of all unicorns come out of YC. These kids think differently. >> Yeah. They're AI they're AI natives. fully. >> I mean I mean these companies are built from the ground up using AI at every process. >> Exactly. And I was talking to these kids getting to know them talking to Gary Tan who runs this thing and Gary had created this superbrain to run the company to run YC. So everything that everybody does at YC was entered into AI and all of the workflows were in AI. You queried the business out of that and the AI was actually constantly refining the workflows.
So, you know, it's like there was never a need to set an agenda for a meeting. AI would do that. The accountability of did we do something was always being prompted by AI. The workflow improvement. There's a company called Red Hat, which you might know. >> I remember Red Hat. Sure. >> And it's it was a was bought by IBM. >> Yeah. >> Matt Hicks had an idea separately from what he saw there of creating a superb brain for a 20,000 person company. So, what he did is he had all of the people at the executive team level write a 10-page dossier of okay, you're the finance head, you're the HR head. I want you to write a 10-page dossier is all of the workflows that you do. >> What do you do every day? What are the things that the com your group does? Then he had the same 10 page of everybody who reports to each of them, right? So now you've got two layers of deep documentation from your brain, what
you do and how you do it and you put that into the AI. Then they went over to Service Now and they took which is a process re-engineer. They took all of the inputs from Service Now and they put that into the AI. Then they put a plugin to the ERM system which allowed all the data to flow about what's going on here. So now Matt Hicks has the opportunity to sit there and say, "Wait a second. I see that New England uh sales isn't as good as um Florida sales. I want to know what are they doing different, >> right? Fundamental insights you'd never have before. >> An executive would have had to ask that question and and maybe got an answer two weeks later." And in the meantime, somebody would have been covering up what like it would have been And even even better, the New England office can actually query the AI. How can I get as good as the uh you know the team down in in Orlando >> and more importantly
underneath it all the AI is making recommendations of the re-engineering of the workflow. So I was working with Cisco uh in a research project and we were looking at how what are the best practices of some person in procurement to re-engineer the endto-end workflows of supply chain because we all know that a person in procurement needs sales forecasting it needs manufacturing scheduling. there's all when end to end is the issue right so we're trying to get this and we're coming up with the best methodology for zerobased workflow redesign and then when I saw what Matt was doing I was like wow we don't even have to do that down here AI partner it falls out of it right >> so th this is extraordinary what's about to happen if this superbrain becomes commercialized which right now there's nobody commercializing it I'm now in the process of working with some folks to do that if it becomes commercialized
the corporate advancement of the use of AI to fundamentally re-engineer the way corporations work, the old change management won't matter anymore. The fact that somebody's holding back information or somebody's scared about something, etc., it won't matter anymore and that will be a major unlock, massive unlock. >> Agreed. So, you know, this is what Elon's vision for macroard as well, right? Which is digitizing all your employees and it takes it a step further. Uh, and there are other companies doing this. Rather than you writing down what you do, the AI is observing you during the day all week and it's documenting exactly what you do. Yeah, >> at a level of fidelity. I mean, >> that easier in an engineering based company. Sure. Than a company where you're not necessarily plugged into observability as you >> or you're recording every phone call, every Zoom and you're allowing >> ambient listening.
>> Yes. >> Across corporations, I'm surprised how quickly that picked up. >> Yeah, for sure. >> Even major companies like >> the implications of this are immense. I mean, it's about increasing corporate efficiency, right? >> Talk about fear. >> Yeah. And it's the good news is the companies are going to become much more productive, much more efficient. The cost will come down. And what we've seen as well, of course, in one of the conversations you and I have talked about, I think at the end of the day, a company that's doing X amount of revenue and work can accomplish that with ultimately 80% fewer employees potentially. >> And that leads to fear. I mean, there were, you know, everything from Amazon workers wearing glasses that's recording what they're doing. teaching the robots that will eventually replace them. We saw that at Meta as well. And that's got to like I'm training my company's
AI to ultimately replace me. >> Yeah. >> I want to use an example of a large governmental institution. Maybe I shouldn't say who it is yet. I just won't, but it's it's one we all know. And uh >> one of the US government departments. And the leader of it >> that that you coach >> that I coach and the leader of it I have such admiration for and such respect for. I I told a joke to him and I said, "Hey, you you know the joke." He was talking about how does he communicate to his people in the institution and I said, "Well, you know the joke. Two hikers walking along the path and a bear comes out of the woods and uh one hiker starts running and the other hiker pauses and puts on his tennis shoes and the guy looks back and says, "What the hell are you doing? You're putting on your tennis shoes. You can outrun a bear." And uh the guy looks up and goes, "Don't worry. I don't have to outrun the bear.
I just have to outrun you." >> Yeah. >> And I frankly, you look, you and I are very competitive. >> Yeah. And I think that that's by the way in some organizations that's a valuable message to say get off your ass. >> Yes. >> And put on your tennis shoes and become a AI relevant or you'll be out of >> be the 20%. >> Be the 20%. So like you and I can you know we get excited about something like that. And he said no no that's not my message. He said my message is I am committed to every single employee in this agency that I'm going to make them more competitive than anybody in the industry even in the private sector. I'm gonna give every one of them a chance to step up and be extraordinary. And I was like, okay, that's a better message, [laughter] >> right? But so my so what >> and so that doesn't exist most anywhere today. And it needs a caring leader and it needs a process. >> I grew up as
you know in manufacturing. My job, my desire and design out of life was I wanted to change the future of American manufacturing and this was a day when the Japanese which was using six sigma, TQM etc. was trusting frontline teams, incrementally changing culture. What I realized, Peter, is culture is not tough to change. >> Really >> not tough to change at all. Just have to change process >> and the culture falls out >> and the culture is the process. So when the lethargic top- down command and control organizations of American steel were beaten quickly by the Japanese who had small teams iterating every day. Their process was small teams iterating better quality improvement, continuous process improvement. They got higher quality and lower price points. Process change. Agile was a process change over over waterfall. It changed the culture. Anybody who was ever present at the transformation
of process change. There was a period of time in in American manufacturing where safety numbers were bad. They changed the process of safety which elevated safety but also elevated a culture of care of of focus. I realized that my old brain as an industrial engineer focused on process is in fact how we change culture and that's how we change high performing team culture through process. You you've experienced my stress testing and things like that. >> Yeah. >> So what we did in this case is I I just dusted off the old manual for six sigma black belts and we're now coming together and we're creating AI black belts in companies. So we say to a we was just down at Lowe's we had the entire company present and it was AI day and we were inviting people to be black belts of AI. If anybody raised their hand and said, "I want to get better." They were a yellow belt, right? And so they they learned
all the tools and learned how to use the tools and they got put into small peer-to-peer groups of other yellow belts. And we put somebody who was highly proficient in AI in their particular role, knowing how to do it in their role. We put it in small peer-to-p peer coaching groups, organic coaching groups, and it was a black belt. It was coaching the yellow belt, >> right? And then as people get more proficient, and proficiency means showing results and outcomes from their use of tools, because this was the other miss that a lot of companies made. They just wanted you to burn tokens, which I I I've heard you and Jensen and people talk about, of course, Jensen, by the way, is token maxing. It's his job, right? >> But no, no, it's not about token maxing. It's about how can you show measurable outcomes. So to get to a brown belt, you've got to show measurable outcomes from your yellow belt tool
use. And then once you're at brown belt then the next stage is can you start to redesign the workflows around you not just the use of tools to get to black belt and are you willing to teach >> right >> so we've created we use positive psychology a sense of ownership and branding and celebration and winning and and peer-to-peer you know how much >> elevation >> and elevation co-levation it's the principle of my work around co-ation >> so that's the process we brought to this government institution and a number of others and they're crushing it >> that process can help a company increase its efficiency per employee and as you said it's going to weed out those who don't jump on the bandwagon, >> right? >> Those who are adding value per unit time or unit token are are going to help the company grow and a growing company employs them and more and more others. But the notion that in fact we're
going to see efficiency of companies and I I think what hasn't hit yet is the massive increase in agentic systems that are coming and and so there is going to be a downsizing in companies. >> Now double click on this with me. Give me an example what you mean by aentic systems. You mean higher supply chains. I was with uh I was with Michael Katios who's the head of office of science and technology policy yesterday interviewing for moonshots and we're talking about uh the idea that uh in the research world what's likely to happen I mean so how does research occur today at at companies and at universities uh there's an individual who sets up uh you know thinks through an experiment designs the experiment runs the experiment but where we're heading towards is those no longer individuals those are now agents who uh are asked to maximize breakthroughs in particular materials. They design the experiments.
They run the experiments on robotic systems. They get the data and they run it again and it's running a million times faster than humans. >> Yeah. And >> with no humans in the loop and and human only thing that humans are doing are guiding like we want a better material to do this. >> One of the things that woke me up uh was watching IBM is you know IBM is the leading large company on >> in quantum. >> In quantum. >> Yeah. So where they've already started using quantum for big results is in R&D just everything you're talking about and then that like stick in a lightning bolt to its it >> but one could imagine going from just beyond research and science to designs of products like having agents research what do people need and then come up with products and then put them up on the web and have them get the data and are people buying it and then let's iterate. You know, when I was interviewing
Eric Schmidt in this room, he talked about learning loops. That the most successful companies in the world are running learning loops. They're running experiments, getting data, refining their thesis, and running it. This will all go towards agents doing these >> just like the superbrain. I mean, it's basically that's the that's the beginning of it, right? And so, this obviously brings up the question that you and I want to maybe segue into. What is the societal impact here? >> There is confusion about what the data is saying. There was a huge amount of fear. We had uh Dario and Sam Alman and others talking about you know we're going to AI is going to replace all of these jobs and it was a job job apocalypse and we now have a number of them reversing position backpedaling and we see a number of individuals who are saying listen technology forever has created more jobs and opportunities than
it's eliminated. It's changed what people do but ultimately on the whole there's more opportunity. We've now swung from job apocalypse to creating a whole bunch of new jobs. In my mind, it's more the soloreneur and it's the smaller companies. >> So, can I let me get into what I've been really thinking about and it was interesting. I had to go back again to my roots to understand what's happening here today, >> please. >> So, uh I grew up in Pittsburgh. My dad was an unemployed steel worker. did a little bit of research and when the rust belt collapsed, there were about 450,000 jobs lost in about a 10-year period in the steel industry in the United States. And um and my dad was one of those, >> right? >> At the very same time, everybody always says, "Well, Pittsburgh has thrived. It rejuvenated." >> And it's true. Over a period of time, um more than more than 5 million jobs were created, >>
right? Even in in that area alone. Yet when you fly into Pittsburgh with me to go visit my mom and we drive out Route 30 and we go out along Manonga Hala River, there's shanty towns and [clears throat] people like if my if my mom didn't have me, she'd be living on welfare. Pensions were erased from my father. They didn't have any. >> And uh and there's entire populations. Now, what happened to that group of individuals? Those people were never retrained. You're not going to retrain my father, a 45-year-old steel worker ditch digger. You got to retrain him to go to work in a self-driving automotive car at CMU, right? >> It's not going to be his thing, right? That role was displaced. >> Yes. >> Now, what happened to that role? They became disenfranchised with the Democratic party. They were Democrats. They were bluecollar Democrats all our life. That group is maggot today. That group is now
a group of so frustrated individuals that the the Democrats of the Clinton era, etc., did not serve them >> that they were looking for other opportunities. Some of them want to blow up the system right >> now. What we're about to do without a question is we're going to at least lose a couple million jobs that are not going to get retrained in this new world. A call center worker who's sitting at a call center. >> Yes. >> And that is going to be moving over to AI and we're going to be more satisfied with that interaction than we currently are with a human who can't access all the information available to them. um and give us really cool new things etc. That job is gone. >> Yes. >> So what I started to realize was it's not a macro question. Stop talking about the macro. It disguises the problem and we can't fix it at a macro level. I said I'm just going to go simple. We're going to create a
nonprofit called Workbridge. Uh we named this this uh idea and we're going to go to large corporations that have call centers. We're going to by the way we're going to stack all the roles. >> In other the roles that are most likely to be displaced first. We know call We know customer service reps are gone. >> Yeah, >> but not gone. They're 20% of 80%. There's going to be places for them. But let's stack that role now. Let's fix it for that role. Let's save 2 million people. I don't need mean jobs. Let's save 2 million people. This is an AI first mindset. >> So these individuals will no longer be doing what they've been doing. Now you can you can take that role and the first thing you look at is are there are there things that you can notice in your customer experience that actually could be done by a human today that aren't just answering a phone call. >> IKEA [clears throat] do you know
the IKEA right? So you know the example of what they did >> please >> 85,000 employees were about to be lost from their call centers and they realized that they had they saw data that showed there was a der of people in their system that could help you redesign your house with IKEA products and that's a much more intimate thing and AI wasn't going to do that and so they were able to to replace any the the you know sarcastic person me says is he going to do that yet? >> Yes. No. No. Exactly. But but I'm okay with that. We're workbridge. The idea is we go to a company um like a large financial services institution and say, "Look, you've got you've got 20,000 people in your call centers and you know right now you want to get rid of 2,000 of them, but you're afraid that if you get rid of 2,000, it's going to create fear and low customer satisfaction among the the 18,000." >> Very true. >> Right.
The next So, you're kind of holding on to them and you're waiting until you can get rid of 50% of them at once and say it's done for now. Right. said, ' Let's not do that. Let's create a beautiful package [clears throat] that allows somebody to say, listen, 50% of you will be gone, but we've got the coolest place for you to go. >> Mhm. >> And there's three options. One is there's an internal set of like companies like Elevance and other um healthcare companies. We could very quickly, even inside their own system, move somebody from currently being a call center person to elder care or something in in in human care, in nursing, etc. So, there's internal skill transfer. Then there's external jobs that do require new training and development. We can give people an entire work bridge into a new place. And yes, there is going to be a third path that you and I have talked about a lot, which is
the universal basic income and those kind of things. And you know, and we're even designing that because that one we are going to have to work with government. But I do believe that we could create a marketplace where an individual could um could go on to a task rabbit like system and shop for cool things that they could be doing that would advance society. And in order to get their monthly income, they've got to earn points from being generous in local society and they can badge it and we can make people feel good about it. So the bottom line is we're going to create a package called workbridge and I'm working with the um former governor of of uh Virginia um Glenn Ynan who's just an extraordinary guy was the CEO of uh Carlile >> just a such a clean thinker and he and I have been a blast because I'm bringing the large corpor corporations he's bringing his knowledge of government and governors
which will be a big partner in all of this and I'm really excited about this but we're just starting at one place. I I don't I don't have time for these conversations that say we don't have to worry because 10 million jobs will be created. right? >> I don't have time for the catast the catastrophizing that frankly you and I were doing for a while because we were scared. I'm like I'm like, "Okay, get out of your mind, Keith. Let's just solve the problem. >> Put something in place that actually solves it and demonstrate." I mean, I I think the most important thing is creating a demonstration that other people can model, right? Um Exactly. And at the end of the day, uh, I think the government is left holding the bag on on these individuals. So, you're either going to be supporting >> don't do it in the States. Nobody helped those people like my father. Government was holding the bag and welfare
is not going to do it. >> Yeah. >> Like, we've got to we we we owe them better than that. And in fact, you know, you you've heard, you know, you've talked to me about this. Elon has teased the idea that potentially he'll give a big chunk of his money away or what Michael Dell is doing right now with with uh uh with Gersner and the team around the Trump accounts. >> Yeah, >> I do think there's an opportunity to go to the billionaire trillionaire population and say there's a swath of population here that's going to be left out, but I want to give them purposeful exciting pl things to do. Make them a functional part of society, not disenfranchised like my dad's population. And we'll we'll create systems around that. So, I'm actually more more positive, Peter, than I ever have been because I I think we we're starting to see that there is a transitionary roadmap that if we put our mind to it,
and this is what happened when you and I were talking about the the you know, what are we going to do? We have to when the pitchforks come out, what are we going to do? Yeah. Kind of conversations. I said to these people who were saying it was going to happen. Now, let's start planning. And it was through forcing people like you know Steve Jervenson and others saying guys what would we do now that I started to come up with this and that's how we created workbridge. >> That's great and it needs to be replicated you know hundreds of times over. >> Well we're going to we're going to scale it. >> And by the way you know AI is the greatest teacher of all in in terms of helping somebody re-educate or retool themselves >> from the bottom up. And I think that's something the tech causing the problems are also the greatest tools to help us solve the problems. So, if you like this content, I hope you'll
subscribe.