I think there's a lot of fear about AI outside [music] of Silicon Valley. I understand why because it's changing their job. It's displacing them. And some of that may be true, but I am saying that everyone has the power now. >> This is Brian Chesy, co-founder and CEO of Airbnb, a Fortune 500 company valued at $95 billion. He believes AI is widening the gap between people who have access to the same tools. So I wanted to understand what actually gives people an edge in an AI powered world. >> AI is like an amplifier. It makes the good people [music] better and the people that weren't as good, it's less of a multiplier for them. >> I'm just trying to translate this for people who are thinking about different business ideas. How do they know that idea is viable to [music] launch? >> This is what I would do. >> This video is sponsored by HubSpot. >> Hi Brian. >> Hey, how you doing? Good to see
you. >> Welcome to Silicon Valley Girl. It's been 7 years since we first met. And I wanted to show you this. I don't know if you remember, but that crazy girl at the airport who saw Brian Chesy and then ran to you. >> Oh, yes. >> And you were boarding a commercial flight. >> Of course. What airport was that? >> It's LAX. Thank you for being so nice and friendly. >> Of course. Look at how well you're doing. And I'm so honored to be on your program. >> Thank you. And I invited you to a podcast back then. So, seven years later, we're doing it. We're doing it. Here we are. So I came to San Francisco building a travel company and then we were going through really hard times during COVID and seeing you navigate at those times really gave me inspiration and strength and now we we're in this new era uh of transformation which is AI. So today I wanted to focus on how you're transforming the company
for the AI era and I wanted to make it as applicable as possible for people who are maybe thinking of starting a business in the AI era or maybe having hard times as a professional because so much is changing. So talk to me about Airbnb becoming AI native. What does it mean for guests and also I'm a host. I have a place in Hawaii that we're renting out through Airbnb. So what does it mean for both sides of the table? I think it really just means um modernizing every touch point of the app to be more intelligent, easier to use. And so I'll give you some examples. Let's say you were a guest. Before AI, you do a normal search. You type in a location and you get a bunch of results. Now with AI, starting today, you can hit a toggle and you can do AI search. It's very natural, very much natural language like typing into a chatbot. And then it is a very intelligent search. So you can say, I want
to go to Paris. this weekend with this number of people. I want this kind of view and I want this kind of architecture and it will not only serve up all the results, but it will also prefilter everything for you because Airbnb is very much about filters and controls. You see, the chat bots aren't really great for shopping. Chat bots aren't really good for travel. And the reason why is they're textbased. They're very hard to compare. You want things to be very inspiration based and browse based. You want it to be fun and entertainment oriented. It's multiplayer. So the average Airbnb people, it's three people traveling. So they have to be able to like share. You have to be able to message a host. You have to be able to have filters and you got to be able to see like if I turn this filter off, I get this home, but if I add this filter back, I get that home. So we had to find this interface
that wasn't a chatbot, but that felt chat-like that you can start to have a conversation with, but you didn't take away the functionality people loved. Then when you get to an Airbnb, we have these AI generated highlights. So AI basically will summarize the listing for you. And these are really nice personalized snippets. They're personalized to you. So we can make the listing literally written for you saying this is why you will like this listing. Then when you get to the bottom of the page, if you have a question, you don't even have to ask the host now. You can literally ask the page and the listing could answer things for you. You can still message the host, but now you can message. Then if you have a bunch of listings, you want to compare them. We've got an AI comparison feature tool which makes it really smart and easy. And one of the challenges people don't realize and one of the problems
with chatbot is Airbnb is very much a comparison shopping problem. Okay, I like these 10 homes. This one's got a pool. This one's got a a barbecue. This one's got really high ratings. This one's new. This one's a little more expensive. This one's in a really good location. How do I make decisions and how do I compare side by side and how do I call down? Then we have brand new maps where I can starting in Paris, I can tap and see information about each neighborhood. Eventually, this is going to roll out to a thousand different cities around the world. And these are just some of the features we have in the guest side. On the host side, we're going to make the app feel more and more like an agent that can be your coach, understand your goals, it can help you price your listing. So, I think the basic idea is that it's Airbnb is getting smarter. Airbnb's whole app is going to feel more like an
agent. But when I say agent, I don't mean a chatbot. People when they hear agents and chat bots, they think they're the same thing. They're not. Agent is an ideolution of an application. It's an application that is more intelligent and understands you and knows you and it leverages the power of AI. A chatbot is a user interface. And I think because most agents are chatbots, we conflate the two. >> Yeah. >> But they're not the same thing. And I think that a chatbot is not the right interface for travel. It's not the right interface for um shopping, but agents are great. And I think the great thing about agents is they're interoperable. So one agent can talk to another agent. >> And so I think agents are definitely the future of Silicon Valley and chatbots are not. >> Yeah. And chatbot feels like more like a reactive thing where agent is more proactive knowing your interests. And I really like
the comparison feature because you don't know how many hours I spent. She's like two very similar bookings, but this one is quieter, but this one has a bigger bedroom. And you're like, having them side by side, I think makes a huge difference. And you're also adding a social graph, something that I absolutely love. >> You know, it's so funny. Um, I came to Silicon Valley 19 years ago. Um, and when I came to Silicon Valley, there was this thing called a social network, and it was Facebook, and everyone was on Facebook, and it was mostly just your friends, and you could keep in touch with your friends, and they shared what they did. And now none of my friends are on Facebook. Um, and Instagram is not social networking is social media. So it's basically Instagram, X, YouTube, Tik Tok. They're really not social networks. They're really performance platforms. They're broadcast platforms. And this
is not I'm not saying this is a bad thing, but I'm saying now there's no place in the internet for me to know not only what my friends are doing, but one of the things I used to like was knowing where people were traveling. people in my life, where have they traveled to? Where are they going? And so, here's a use case. Let's say I'm going to Chicago. I'm sure I have a bunch of friends been to Chicago, but I don't know which ones. And now, if I connect people on Airbnb, I can see all of my friends have been to Chicago, and I can see where they stayed. I might want to stay where they've stayed, but more importantly, I can ask them like, "Hey, what's good to do in Chicago?" Because what we found is increasingly people want recommendations for their friends and their family rather than from you know celebrities or writers. They increasingly want people who feel like they know them. Like you know
me, you'll know what I like but this is unsolved problem because you don't know where everyone in your life has traveled. Another thing about Airbnb is one of the best parts of it is meeting somebody new. You was hard to meet people today. I asked my um my parents how did you meet people? They would go to a mall. They go to a theater. They go to physical spaces. Increasingly, people today are not in physical spaces. They're on their phones. And phones are really a way for you to talk to strangers online, but it's a really hard way to meet strangers offline. And so, we want to help solve this problem by making it easier to meet people in the real world and stay in touch with them. And so, if you travel, you stay in a home with somebody, you might meet them. If you go on experience with somebody, you can stay in touch with them. So, I think a lot of what we're trying to do is turn Airbnb from
a kind of just a marketplace of homes to a little more of a travel community. And I think the travel graph is really cool. And if you go on Airbnb, you can basically add your friends, your family, and you can see where they're traveling. And this is a really cool use case. Wouldn't you be curious to know where all your friends are traveling this summer? >> I think it's pretty cool. >> Now, you can know and you can decide, well, if they're going, we can go at the same time. >> Yeah. And uh one of the reasons I started this podcast because I wanted to meet people offline and whenever guests suggest do an online thing, I'm like no no no that's not the reason I wanted to do that in the first place. So I can totally relate and I think you're also opening up uh opportunities for new businesses, right? Cuz you're now doing groceries, baby gear, um restaurant deliveries. Is it 700 plus features that
you're launching? >> I think so. Yeah, we're we we're launching I think the stat is that we're like shipping 80% more features than a year ago. Most of it's because of AI. Obviously, AI is like this incredible superpower. You know, 10 years ago, even a few years ago, everything had to be coded by hand. Everything was so much harder to do. Now that you can ship things so much more quickly, we can ship features more quickly. It used to take us a year to ship like a new service, now we can do it in weeks. And so now, like for example, with services, one of the things we hear from guests a lot is, I love to stay in homes, but they don't have all the services of a hotel. And we thought, well, what if we could have not only all the service hotel, but even more services? So, we can have baby gear if you have kids. You know, sometimes hotels have cribs, but maybe they have two cribs or three cribs.
And if they're out, you've got this is what we I don't have kids, but I hear from from my friends who have kids, maybe you want laundry done. A hotel is laundry. Well, now Airbnb, you can get laundry. So, we just wanted to go down the list. Um, ski rental equipment. I'm going to go skiing. I don't want to I don't have my own ski equipment. So going to rent ski gear can be very very you know it can be ownorous right and you just get to a city you're tired you don't want to figure out how to get ski gear we can have all the sizes waiting for you all the equipment for you so we're really trying to make every as plugandplay as possible so you're not just getting a home you're kind of getting a full service experience so eventually IC adding dozens even hundreds of services that can be plugged into the home so that when you book a home you can get everything you need for your trip >> what do you
see the biggest opportunity for small businesses who are trying to build to plug into your system. >> Let's pretend I'm a masseuse. I'm a masseuse in Tulum, Mexico. I'm just making a random place up right now. How do I get business? I only get business from locals who know about me. But how would I if a travel would I get business? I probably wouldn't be able to get business. Maybe I have to go work at a resort and they have to give me business. Now I can have my own business. I can broadcast an Airbnb and all the travelers coming to Tulum, if anyone wants a massage, they can go on Airbnb and they can book the massage with me. So, kind of like the original Airbnb where I had a home but no one knew about my home and we gave them a distribution platform and they could basically get an audience. Kind of like the way social media gives everyone an audience, we can give all these small business
audiences and we give them a global audience of travelers. And so, this is really really difficult um for somebody. I'm a photographer in Paris and I take photos of families in front of the EFL tower. A lot of people want to get their photos. How do you get your photo in front of the EFL tower? If you're a parent, one of you is not in photo >> or you give the camera to someone else and they're like being bothered >> and it's just like an iPhone photo. Now you can have like amazing professional photos in 30 minutes. It's not too expensive and you will remember those photos forever. this photographer would never have known how to broadcast to all these guests from around the world. We really feel like there's a whole economy of service providers, whether there's massuses, chefs, photographers, companies that deal with equipment or baby gear or laundry or cleaning service, car rental, welcome
pickups, picking up the airport, anything you imagine. In other words, now you can air be more than just a home. You can air be anything. If you're thinking about starting a business, start with something you already know how to do. Well, maybe it's photography, catering, or a service people keep asking you for. Then you think about your first five customers. How will you remember what each person needs and what you promised? Our sponsor, HubSpot, helps just with that. It's new smart CRM is a CRM that updates itself, keeping customer details and conversations in one place. For example, you finish a call about a catering job. AI noteaker captures the details, helps draft your follow-up, and suggests next steps and updates to the customer's record for you to approve so you can spend more time delivering an experience people want to recommend. If you're ready to build something of your own,
explore HubSpot Smart CRM through the link in the description. And thanks to HubSpot for sponsoring this episode. Now, back to Brian. And you were testing all of these, I imagine, before launching. Can you talk to me about all the tests and what's the decision-m criteria? >> For everything we launch, we're probably testing like many, many more things. And we have dozens of services um underway. So like ski equipment. I'm not a giant skier, but um I ski a little bit. I don't ski enough to have my own skis. I don't ski enough to have my own boots, my own helmet. So everywhere I go, I have to rent equipment. And it's always like I don't even know where to go. Do I go to the mountain to rent equipment? Um do I have to wait in line? I have to wait for someone to size me. It's so much more convenient if I were to get to the Airbnb. They know my boot size, they know my ski size, and they just have
everything for me. So, that is something that we're testing. I think the test is in Italy, but we're going to hopefully bring this to ski mounds all over the world. And there these ski rental companies, and they would love to be able to bring the equipment to you rather than you have to wait in line at the store, which is potentially really inconvenient. surfing equipment. You know, a professional surfer probably will travel with their own surfboard, but it's pretty hard to bring a surfboard on an airplane, and a lot of people aren't going to travel the surfboard, and so they're going to have to rent this equipment. What if in the house waiting for you was this equipment or you knew exactly where to go to get the equipment? So, these are kind of the ideas. So, we're trying to test, you know, we usually do a test in one market, one city. If it works, then we bring it to other markets. And
everything we announced today, we've been testing. So, we have a lot of other services coming. There's literally hundreds. By the way, the thing that's exciting is the longtail. It's like there's so many different services and no one service maybe is big enough to be a giant business that you've heard of that has an app. So, that's the challenge. Like ride sharing, there's an app. Uber food delivery, there's an app. Uber Eats, Door Dash. But most other services aren't big enough to have a global brand where you know where to go. And even if they do have an app, they're not integrated with Airbnb. And so it's pretty difficult. Like Instacart, they got an app, but now you can get groceries at your Airbnb. And you have an option where you can order the Instacart groceries through the Airbnb app. It already knows your address. It already knows how many guests and the food can be sent to the house
and the host can open the door and have the food put in the fridge so it's stocked for you. Amazing. It's just much more convenient. >> So, what is the criteria for launching? I wonder if you have like internal metrics. Is it like I don't know 10% of guests are using the service? I'm just trying to translate this for people who are thinking about different business ideas when they don't have access to data like yours. How do they know that idea is viable to launch? >> It's a great question. I mean, >> we started with the most popular services um the most common ones, Chef, masseuse, photography, car rental, airport pickup, luggage storage. But increasingly the power of Airbnb is the idea that we want you to be able to provide anything you can imagine. So my hope is anything you offer if it could be useful just to a couple people visiting your city then we would love to hear from you and I
think just contact Airbnb. I think you can there's a contact button on the bottom of our page and we try to intake as many ideas as possible. So we have like a services platform. Um, if you go to list, you know, you can go to become a host. There's a button you can basically apply to become a services host. We might tell you that this is coming soon, but we take every single lead. So, let's say you do like floral arrangements. >> This is a use case. People are on vacation. They're maybe on a romantic trip. They want to get flowers in the listing. Maybe they want flowers in the listing. They want to get flowers for the romantic significant other. That's a service we're launching. And people can apply. We don't have it in every city, but if you have this idea, if you have an idea like that, just apply. And if we aren't ready to launch it now, we will eventually. And so, it's just a matter of
getting to them. But we we want every idea. I wouldn't want to tell people what ideas to apply with because some of the best ideas are ones I don't even think of. But if you have something you think is valuable to somebody else, you just need an audience. And hopefully we can give you that audience. >> I love that. And I imagine shipping all of these features became possible because of AI. Do you have an internal metric where you say, "Okay, AI is adding that much to our productivity and output versus just generating more stuff that we're not using." >> So the beginning of the year there was this whole like token matching thing where CEOs were telling everyone, you got to use AI and they were measuring it by how many tokens you were using and there was a little bit of a initial management philosophy to shame people that didn't have a lot of tokens. There were like token leaderboards. That
might have been a good thing to do for a couple months just to make sure people were using AI, but that was clearly like a long-term strategy that was not going to work. And now all of a sudden everyone's like, "Wait a second. Why are we spending so much money on AI?" And so I think the most important thing is like the customer doesn't care if we're using AI to build their tools or not. They just want the product to be better faster. And so we look at product velocity. How fast are you shipping? How many features are you shipping? How quick are you shipping them? Are they high quality? And are they successful? and we have metrics for that. So, we're shipping 80% more features. >> That is crazy, though. Just think about 80% more for a huge company like yours. >> Yeah. And it's just two things. It's the power of AI that suddenly um you don't have to primarily code by hand. Um but it's also
cultural. People have to use the tools and they have to use them correctly. And it's amazing because AI is the ultimate democracy. The tools that Airbnb has is the tools every company in the world has. We all have access to the exact same tools. There's really there's codeex, there's cloud code. It's kind of like back in the day I used Photoshop and I was a designer, illustrator. We all have the same tools. We all have these amazing tools, but they're not equally distributed. The very best people know how to like immerse themselves and get the most out of the tools. And so, one of the things we tried to do is we tried to make sure people learned how to use the tools correctly. And there's no replacement for like good thinking. You know, you need to have like really good data. You need to like still have good collaboration. AI allows an idea to get out of your head into the world faster, but
it doesn't necessarily give you better ideas. You still have to be have great ideas. You still have to have great thinking. It's now about great thinking. It's about great understanding. It's about great curiosity. And I think AI rewards deeply curious people because you can do endless iteration. AI is like an amplifier. It makes the good people better. and the people that weren't as good, it's less of a multiplier for them. So, I find that the um dynamic range um the performance gap is greater with AI that the really high performers even better with AI. I'm a designer by training. I went to Risie 19 years ago when I started I couldn't code and today I could code because I could prompt and so suddenly in that way it is so democratic. All of us can do so many more jobs at the same time. Great thinking, great taste, great understanding, understanding user problems. These are things that matter
even more now because it's no longer can you build it. It's what do you build and is should you build it and and does it matter? >> Quick tip to people who want to upgrade. You were describing people who are at the edge of productivity and generating ideas and being curious. Is there is >> I think there was a saying by this like Nobel Prize winning uh maybe chemist Lionus Pauling he said the best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas like Airbnb seemed like a good idea right it was one of many ideas and we had a lot of bad ideas I think it's about like sheer output the best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas the best way to create a good drawing is to create a lot of drawings the best way to do anything is to create a lot of it just through out sheer output I mean you're really good. Now, what you've done, you probably did it through a lot of repetition, right?
There wasn't one moment where you got good. Similar to exercise, you don't get in shape in one workout. It's through repetition. So, what I found is that the very best people are the ones that just practice more than anyone else and they put in the repetitions. It working out is actually a good metaphor. It's repetition. And so, idea repetition matters. You know, I know at IDO there's there are a very famous design firm. They used to do this exercise where the way you generate ideas, they give every people probably some people might know this. They give you everyone post-it notes and you have to write an idea down, put a post-it note on the wall, another idea on a wall. And they had a rule. You can never critique ideas initially. No devil's advocates, no critiquing ideas because when you critique your ideas, you edit your thinking and you're afraid. And bad ideas sometimes are one step away
from a good idea. And so I think it's all about volume of ideas. I probably not exaggerating have 100,000 ideas a year and I think 99,000 are really bad. >> Out of all the ideas, how do you know which ones not to work on? >> It's more the good ideas jump off the page. >> So for example, I basically have a notebook and every thought is like a sentence or a couple sentences and I probably write maybe a thousand words a day. So that's probably 300,000 words a year. And maybe each line is a sentence is like 10 words. So maybe that's a 100 ideas a day. So that's maybe 30,000 ideas a year. And so then what I do is say I have 30,000 thoughts a year. 99% of them are not useful, right? Just something you write something down. Anything that comes to your mind, I just keep writing it down. At the end of every day, I bold the things that jump out at me. And so if I wrote down like a hundred things, 100
lines, I bolded five to 10. And then at each day, I bold them. At the end of every month, I look and my AI now can just read the bold ideas. I used to have to manually like pull out the ideas and read them. Now the AI can pull out the bolded ideas. The AI can also read and find ideas I thought were stupid. It can tell me really good ideas. it can see patterns and then those become my short list and then I iterate them, iterate them, iterate them. You know, I think like catching the rise 70,000 words and I probably have like four times that output in words and my writing is a thousand times worse. It's really bad writing. It's not high quality. Um, I'm not writing like if you were to read it, you'd be like, "This is borderline nonsensical. It's understandable to me, not to someone else." And I think that's the point is that most my words are bad. Most my ideas are bad. And it doesn't matter
because no one knows about the bad ideas. They only need to know about the good ideas. And here's the lesson. Good ideas don't die. If you write something down, you write a good idea down, a month later you're going to write the same idea down again. And you won't realize it comes back. [clears throat] So I find that good ideas, they don't want to die. They kind of stay alive and everything else just kind of falls by the wayside. and these good ideas, they kind of haunt you like ghosts and you're like, "Okay, this this thing's not going away." I don't know if that's useful. I never said this before, but I think it's about like just total output. Just constantly I I remember um hearing about Eminem. He would just write all day. He had a notebook and he'd write lyrics and rhymes all day. Bob Dylan was just writing songs all the time, just writing and writing and writing and writing. Now, not
everyone's like that. Like Jay-Z apparently like doesn't do that. He just like thinks in his own head and like that's very unique prodigious skill that he has. Leonard Da Vinci, he left behind so many notebooks and he was just drawing and writing and drawing and writing. And by the way, most of Da Vinci did was write, not draw. If you look at his notebooks, it's 80% writing, 20% drawing. And he [snorts] is the most famous painter of all time. He had like 12 paintings ever. Mona Lisa is one of 12 or 15 paintings he ever painted. So think about the sheer volume of stuff he created. Vincent Van Gogh most of his productivity was in the last three years of his life and he painted more than one painting a day every single day. And this is in in addition to sketches he just every day he wrote he wrote he wrote Hemingway wake up at 6:00 a.m. from 6:00 a.m. to noon he would just write and he would
write till he had nothing left to write at noon. And it was just it's this this discipline of repetition. Whether you're a tech founder, you're an artist, you're a writer. It's about pure volume. It doesn't mean you put out a lot of crap. >> Like you don't publish it all. >> Yeah. >> You have to you you then you edit and you edit and you only publish the very best of your stuff. But I think that what people don't understand is they only see a few things go out and they don't see the sheer volume of what goes in. And I think the problem, and maybe I'm going to admit to a problem I have, and I think almost every single person watching has, is we spend too much time on social media paying attention to what other people are doing. >> My advice is X. And I like and most most of us are on X or Twitter way too much. And we're way too focused on what other people are doing. Oh my god, now it's Instinct,
now it's Muse, and now it's this, and now it's that. And there's just we're all like kids chasing soccer balls and we're all like trying to play fast fashion, trying to copy what everyone else is doing and just it's just so distracting. >> It is. >> And I wonder if we'd all be better off just like not being a little bit ignorant to whatever else is going on in the world. Part of me is like, you know, Van Go couldn't doom scroll. And if he could doom scroll, he might not have painted so much. If Da Vinci could doom scroll, he might not have had so much output. And if all of us could just block out a bit more of what everyone else is doing and say it doesn't really matter what people think. Or even if you do care what people think, let people value you years from now. See, I'm going to put blinders on and I'm just going to just dig in and I'm going to work for years and I'm not going to worry
about getting attention now. I will earn attention later if it matters to me, but I'm going to practice quietly and I don't need the world to watch me practice. I'm going to quietly practice. I want to become great at my craft and when I'm ready I'm gonna put something out there. I think that would be so valuable. We're just put blinders on and just lock in and just go. >> I think this is such valuable advice, such great practice. We need to be doing more of cuz >> and I and I I admit I'm giving advice to others and I have to keep reminding it of myself. Stop worrying about whatever else is going on in Silicon Valley. focus on it's so hard and you don't want to be naive like you want to know generally if you're a comp company you want to know what's going competition you want to know what's late the latest with AI developments but you can do that like 10 minutes a day you don't need to do
that 2 three hours you don't need to open X or YouTube or Instagram or whatever your platform dour is 17 times or 25 times this is what I would do and I don't do it as much but I wish I did it once a day for like 20 30 minutes I'm going to go on whatever platform I go on, I'm going to learn. Okay, now I'm done. And then this time is uninterrupted and I'm going to like not have my phone on. By the way, the phone spend more time in a computer, less time on a phone. >> The computer is the ultimate tool. We designed phones on computers. We don't design computers on phones. >> The phone was never designed to be something you stare at all day. >> When Steve Jobs designed it, his vision wasn't you're on it all day. Long attention span stuff should be reserved for big screens. So you should not be staring at a phone very long because what it does is it trains your dopamine to multitask and to like
change things. And it what it does is it like the phone is an enemy to focus and it's not designed to be something you're staring at for hours a day. The computer is great for focus. A large screen. The bigger the screen, the longer your attention span. That's why if you go to like an IMAX theater, you're not going to go to the bathroom. >> You own in a living room, you watch a television show, you might get up on your computer, you'll watch a YouTube film, but on a phone, you only be able to pay attention for 15 seconds before you scroll to the next video. Attention span is commensurate with screen size. >> I never thought about that. >> If you want to focus, you need to have a long attention span. If you want to have a long attention span, you need to have a big screen. Do not look at a phone if you want to focus. >> You mentioned having so many ideas. If you were not building Airbnb today
in the AI era, what would you be building? >> I used to think I was I I was lucky because I was 26 when I came to Silicon Valley. And when I came to Silicon Valley, the iPhone had just launched. Facebook was like blowing up. YouTube was out. The internet was going global. Cloud computing meant like you could have an app and not have to buy your own servers. What it meant was it was kind of easy to start a company. And there was this iPhone that was distribution. And so suddenly you could just put in an app store and everyone could discover it. I felt like I was the luckiest person alive because I happened to be born at the right place at the right time. And it was just as much luck as talent that I got to where I am today because I just happened to be here at this magical time in in history. And I remember saying for years until the launch of a of generative AI chubbyt I said thank god I
was born the time I did because now is a tougher time. And then post chatbt, part of me said, I wish I was 26 again. >> Because actually, as amazing as Airb is, if I was 26, I could probably do something just as cool because the tools now are so much more powerful. I don't know what I would do. I'm very interested in education. I think AI can transform education. I think content, like you could build an AI Disney, you could create incredible storytelling with AI. Um, I think health is like an incredible area. I think that like instinct and muse are the beginning of consumer AI, agentic AI, but I do not think that the messaging interface is the right interface to do most work. >> And so I would encourage entrepreneurs to imagine other interface modalities >> like audio or even further >> way further. We're visual creatures. We're not most people are not textbased. Why is Tik Tok more popular
than Twitter? Because it's video and visual. I think that's the main reason. I don't think it's any other reason. I think that, you know, increasingly people are visual. And I think a lot of entrepreneurs are trying to fit this technology that's the most powerful technology in human history into a messaging platform. It's like putting a jet engine on the back of a bicycle. >> We're just starting out. I guess >> we're just starting. This is not to say these apps aren't amazing. Here's another way of saying it. Enthropic opening are these giant companies. There's going to be 50 more anthropics, maybe hundred. >> You think so? >> I know. So, this is a cognitive revolution. If people are watching, there going to be so many companies that are going to be bigger than Airbnb, bigger than Anthropic. There's not this like AI window. There's not this. We're not in a cycle. We're not in a window. And
if we are, it's a thousand-year window. You see, if technology doubles every year for 10 years, that's a thousandx. So, let's say we're at the beginning of a thousand-year cycle. If we're the beginning of thous cycle, why do you think there's just going to be two big companies? There's going to be so many huge companies emerge, but also there's going to be tens of millions or millions of small companies emerge because suddenly one, two or three people can start a whole business. It was inconceivable before. I think AI is You know, I think there's a lot of fear about AI outside of Silicon Valley. I understand why because I think people outside of Silicon Valley feel like AI is happening to them and that someone else has it and it's happening to them and it's changing their job. It's displacing them. And some of that may be true and I'm not defending it. >> But I am saying that >> everyone
has the power now and that if you have an idea, you can now make something. And it is so much easier to build a company now than it was 20 years ago. I'm really proud of what I built, but the next generation of people watching are going to build things way better than I ever dreamed of because they have tools I never had. >> This is so inspiring. Brian, can you tell me in 10 seconds the process that they all have to try in order to realize the power of AI? Something that transformed the way you work. >> I think it's like jumping in a pool. I was, for example, and this has been more than 10 seconds, but I was like intimidated to try Claude Code >> and I just like didn't know how to start. I mean, I had an employee who was really good at it and I said like, "You're going to tutor me." Now, not everyone watching has an employee that can tutor them. But everyone either you know more than all
your friends about AI or someone knows more about it than you. If somebody knows more about it than you, like have them help you. I mean, YouTube's an incredible resource. And I just think like just start. >> Just jump in the pool. >> It's jump in the pool. And it is the water is not cold. It just looks cold. For those that are already in the pool, just don't get out. >> Thank you so much, Brian. Thank you for being as amazing as you are. >> Well, thank you for being amazing. >> If you want to stay updated on all the things these founders say here, we take the use cases and prompts from every conversation and put them into my newsletter called Future Proof. And of course, we also put my own beautiful use cases there. For example, we put together the seven skills that came up again and again, the ones people will need in the next few years. These are the skills that my team and I are also
using daily. Subscribe through the link in the description. You'll get that one. And you can also read our previous newsletters and see what you missed.