[music] Not every day you get to meet a founder of an entire category. We have Sam Lang who is the founder of Otter AI. Uh how many people have a notetaker on their laptop, phone, and every other device. Literally everybody in the room. He invented the entire category actually. Didn't exist before Otter AI. How many people use Otter? Actually, yeah, most most people. Okay. Well, you're very familiar. This is the guy who brought it to life, created it from scratch. And uh I hear you have slides. >> Oh, do you want to do them? >> Just just um we can do them later. We can ask questions first. >> Do them later. >> Yeah, you can you can do it that question. >> Okay. All right. We'll do questions first. It's funny. I got two sets of questions for you, Sam. One of them is formal and then the other is fun questions from from the crowd. >> Which ones would you rather do, guys? >> Let's just start
with your formal questions. >> All right. We'll start formal. Yeah. Then I'll uh I'll mix in the the fun crowd questions. Um so Otter has obviously been incredibly successful. Why don't you give us just two minutes on your your life journey that brought you to founding the company and and the the journey that's been epic actually. >> Yeah. Thank you. Um thank you everyone who has uh used Otter. Uh I'd love to hear your feedback. Uh I was um while we're on Google campus I was uh working at the Google 20 years ago uh 2006 to 2010 I was the lead of Google map location platform that powers the Google mobile map. I'm sure most of you have used >> so uh it's great to come back here. >> Um I left Google in 2010 to build a mobile startup in Paloto first. Um and after that was uh successfully acquired uh with my co-founder Yungfu we started Otter. Um that was 10 years ago before AI became a household
buzzword. Uh the initial motivation was very simple. You know I when I was uh working at Google when I was doing startup uh I had to go to tons of meetings uh both internal meetings and external meetings with customers investors. Uh I have really bad memory. I cannot remember. So um I was at that time Gmail and Google search was so good right? You know, I was uh fascinated that I could search for anything uh in Gmail like almost 10 20 years ago, but I cannot search for anything I heard 3 hours ago. >> So then we said, okay, and that's a huge opportunity. Let's uh build something that can change that. >> My uh my media team wanted me to let you know that everything that you say today and everything that I hear goes [snorts] through Otter. So you'll probably see it on your servers if you ever want to stalk me. But we actually in all all of our meetings for our companies now, we use these plaids
which >> Oh yeah. Do you know you know these things? >> Yeah. So this thing, you know, will record for a week. Uh it's not on right now. I'm not I'm not spying on on Well, it will go through because of this anyway. But um but it's almost impossible to imagine now having a meeting. It's it's really weird because you know if you drop an Fbclom or whatever, it's all recorded. But at the end of a meeting, the idea of doing a wrap-up, a follow-up, uh, you know, assigning tasks, it's like it's a nightmare of follow-up. It's all AI instantaneous right now. But when you when you started Otter, the technology, the transcription was marginal at best and the AI didn't exist to to turn it into action items. So, was the original idea just capture audio or was it searchable audio? What what was it? Uh the original idea was um uh searchable audio but uh but then it quickly evolved. Uh as you mentioned when
we started back in 2016 although there was uh Google voice there was Siri there was uh Alexa but none of those models actually were trained for long for multi-speaker conversations. So we tested everything worked. So we decided to build our own speech recogition technologies. Um so even today uh everything you see on Otter uh all the transcription speaker identification which is another special technology were all built inhouse. Uh we're not using any third party API for that. So uh that enable us to create highly accurate um extremely fast um uh trans both transcription and speaker uh recognition which is actually super critical. uh today if you uh I don't think if you use a Google meet or zoom uh if there are multiple people in the same room I don't think they can separate them and identify who is speaking >> yeah the the attribution is critically important and if somebody in a meeting
says yeah I'll do that >> it's pretty important to know which person that was and it's still pretty pretty inaccurate I think so it's still part of the original vision was to do the uh the attribution to the right speaker >> absolutely absolutely so we've been working on that uh for 10 years now. Um there's um still a lot more to do. >> And so then you know mid company cycle AI GPT2 then three then four now five now Astro 6. I mean the the change of what you can do with all that information has been astronomical. So you must have modified the original vision what three four five times by now. >> Yeah it has been evolving. um you know but you know we we built the the m notetaker we built this space uh we're still you know uh rapidly growing although there are a lot of copy cast now there um uh Google embedded uh some transcription and summary zoom embedded that although we actually the zoom
system if for people who didn't know the zoom system was actually originally built by us uh between 2017 and 2023 all the transcript you see on zoom was generated by >> how did it get into zoom is that like a commercial contract or something. >> Yeah, we we had they licensed our technologies uh >> and still ongoing. They're still >> uh they they uh after they went IPO, they didn't want to use us anymore. But uh uh but we still have a better technology. Uh today uh the the the vision has evolved on this slide. We call it the conversational knowledge engine. Um you know when people talk about knowledge base um traditionally people only think about Google document, notion doc or word doc uh or anything uh in the CRM or my SQL. Most people uh overlooked uh the biggest uh source of knowledge uh is actually came from voice. Uh for most people here I'm sure you have tons of meetings every day, every
week. Uh if you're a manager, if you're a leader, uh you have even more meetings because you manage more projects, you manage more people. Uh you're often backto back meetings. You know, some some of you probably spend 70 80% of your time in meetings. That's actually where most of the business intelligence is generated. >> Traditionally, it's mostly lost. Um, you know, you know, I actually just met and interviewed and hired my first person who has been doing all of their coding and work by voice. He's a Princeton, class of 2025. And it's funny because there are all these psychology studies that say we're by far at our happiest when we're speaking. And but most of our lives are in front of a keyboard and a screen typing. And you know, it's just the way the certy keyboard evolved. There's nothing natural about it at all. He actually doesn't type. Yeah. Speaks everything which is technologically
possible. Very few. Has anyone done that? Moved to that mo? Oh, actually there are a couple. Yeah. Really rare though. Uh but I think it'll be the most common way to interact going forward. >> I I I think that's uh where the world is moving. Um I I think eventually most people don't need to type anymore. uh today you know the when you use any software system CRM HRS ERP uh the user interface uh require you to type the information into the database >> um it's slow but if again if you think about most of your your knowledge your discussion your brainstorming decision making status update almost everything happened in meetings uh using voice >> so our vision that you just talk you know Otter or whatever we build you know the conversation knowledge engine will do everything for you so you almost never need to type anymore does that explain why so your slide here says 100 million ARR which is
phenomenal by the way but somewhere in here I saw some monster TAM yeah 100 billion dollar category so how is that defined as yeah all >> voice that sounds like a big number but I think that's actually a uh under estimation uh because if you search on Google the people say hey the CRM uh uh market has a hundred billion dollar uh um uh attemp if you think about CRM is only takes care of sales meetings or sales uh data um but your your your company has uh many other teams in addition to sales team right their engineering team their product team, their marketing team, their recruiter, uh finance, every every team needs to have meetings. >> Yeah. >> So if you think about that, the the total addressable market will be actually way bigger than 100 billion. uh walk us through, you know, CRM is a really interesting case study because CRM was trending toward being basically a $50 product from Microsoft
and then uh Salesforce.com and prior to that, Sevil Systems said, "No, we're going to make this a $10,000 a seat uh force multiplier for your Salesforce and we can prove that you get more than $10,000 of increased productivity per person. Therefore, pay us for the value." So then here comes Otter. You could perceive it either either way, you know, notetaking becomes a free embedded component in the operating system. You know, Google gives it away. Or you could see it as a well, this is so valuable to my life. Completely changes my productivity. I'm going to do all of my future interactions with AI through voice. This is worth hundreds of billions of dollars. And so the value to society is clear, but the business model, you know, which it could go either way, just like CRM could have gone either way. Um yeah the the business model will definitely evolve. Um the most of the SAS uh products
have a seedbased pricing. Um and you know more and more products are exploring usage based pricing. Um right cloud by anthropic is making tons of money because people using co-work and using their agents. Um we see that's uh uh probably the model Otter will adopt as well. Um the idea is that hey you have you know five people talking about uh a product idea you brainstorm for an hour at the end of the meeting the the product uh requirement document is dropped it for you automatically you don't need to type anything other by just listening will write the PRD for you instantly. >> Yeah there's there's a question on that actually. So you're calling that it says here the conversational knowledge engine. Do you have a slide on that actually? Yeah, maybe just one. Um, yeah, this is a high level architecture. Uh, in the past again as we just uh covered you you type everything. uh you spend eight
hour well let's say you spend six hours meeting at the end of the day you need still need to uh use your uh laptop to enter everything into uh your CRM your database write emails write Slack messages uh eventually we say hey you just talk we just do everything for you if you say during the meeting you say hey I need to tell Simon about that okay we go ahead and send a Slack message to Simon right away you need to wait, you know, uh most people will forget all all those things after the meeting because they have another meeting coming up. So, we're building this big blue box which we call uh conversational knowledge engine. It does several things. It capture as much as possible. Um but if you think about it actually even though meeting noteaker getting more popular majority of the meeting are still not captured. And the second thing is for us to use AI to understand the content. Uh building
a knowledge graph uh with entities like people. People are the most important entities. Um the projects um customers uh really and then create the connections between everyone. >> Yeah. >> Uh between the PM, engineer, designer, the sales, marketing uh who um who needs to collaborate with whom. And we, you know, by listening to, you know, hundreds, thousands of meetings, the engine actually knows everything about your business. >> And then does all that data bea become a competitive moat and you hold on to it or is the data instantaneously portable to 100 other platforms? >> Um well the the data obviously is owned by the customer themsel. Uh we definitely we create this platform for them to uh create the uh a knowledge uh graph and knowledge engine. Um the reason we use the word engine is to take action. You know once you build this knowledge graph you can enable two things. Once you enable
every human being to be more productive you give them insights. Um you share uh information with them even for uh from meetings you didn't go to. You're working on some project, someone else in the engineering team, they change something and the knowledge graph knows that your work depend on your their uh their their work. When they change something, >> even though nobody remembers to tell you, the AI knows you should know and it can notify you so that um you know it fix the information silo problem. >> That to me is the perfect segue into what I think is the most interesting question of all. So, I'm going to skip ahead to it because it it's I just can't resist. Um, so here's the question. Capturing the knowledge is basically a cooked solve problem, but putting it to work goes to basically infinity. There's no end to the ways you could use that knowledge. So, you're you're shipping a meeting
participants now. Then real decisions happen after the fact with human teams, but that's going to move to AI based decisions at some rate. So then the question is well why were we meeting in the first place like what was the purpose of us talking to each other which is kind of a scary thought if you take >> eventually eventually maybe you don't need to meet anymore because AI will do everything but um I I guess it will still take some years I don't know it's 5 years 10 years >> um people as I mentioned you probably don't need to type anymore um but uh people will keep talking >> um even not for work even for you know for fun, you still talk. >> Well, if if we're talking for fun though, are we going to run it through Otter and take notes? >> Um, that's that's arguable. I I my view is that yes, uh because um Otter can help you with your life as well. Um when you argue with your wife, maybe
Otter can come and uh and uh help resolve mediate. Uh >> I never said that. Well, it's right here in Otter. I don't know what to say. >> So, when when people get married, they they should use Otter to capture all the promises. Oh, okay. Every wedding. Okay. [laughter] >> You built into the ring. >> Yeah. Eventually I I will review how many promises did you fulfill. >> Yeah. [laughter] >> Uh I love the way everybody at this conference says well that's like five or 10 years in the future. Like remember the old days that was not very far away. Now five or 10 years is like oh you know that'll be post AGI who cares. Yeah, there there's another aspect actually you know people would never stop talking right people start uh have been talking for I don't know hundreds of thousands of years before uh the written language was even uh invented right um and the keyboard was it it's a recent invention
as well >> there's actually a raging debate at MIT right now about what LLM AI or you know transformer AI really is uh you just massive amounts of training data uh and it interpolates and it knows so much and it seems brilliant but is it just interpolating and not having net new brilliant insights or is it an illusion that it's having brilliant new insights and because there's a version of the world where 5 years from today AI is massively [clears throat] productive but it's five or seven people in a meeting room painting the vision for the future and then deploying AI to achieve it and then there's a vision five or 10 years in the future where AI had the idea and what why would we even have this And the most of MIT is in camp A. I think a lot of Stanford actually is in camp B. Uh but I don't think anyone really is predicting it particularly well. So the use case for Otter in camp A is like
just goes to to the moon. It goes to infinity. >> There there's a infinite amount of uh um use cases. Uh you you said okay maybe seven people are meeting in the one meeting room. in the past that uh most of that knowledge is actually never shared uh outside of that that room. >> Um even though it's probably useful by maybe another hundred people just just nobody has access to it. Yeah. >> So we we we're solving that problem first. Um secondly as I said it it's like you know between your sales marketing customers you know for us uh inside our small team um we actually share all the customer sales calls with everyone in the company. So everyone can listen to the customers firsthand. So engineers can hear what the customers are complaining about what bugs they complain about. The PM can hear about that. So, so it it this shared memory is super important for enterprises to be productive. >> Have
you noticed how [clears throat] like I'm recording the Moonshots podcast twice a week and I was very very cautious the first couple times I was on camera and now I'm just dropping fbombs all over the place and yeah, the production team will probably take that out. Who cares? But it hasn't come back to bite me in the ass yet. But [snorts] have you noticed people actually changing their behavior when everything is constantly recorded and you know that if you say something toxic it's recorded every time. Um it it does change people's behavior. Uh but eventually people will take it for granted. Uh eventually people will assume everything they said will be captured. Although you know for enterprises there are always exceptions. There are 101 ones. There's HR uh legal financial issues. you don't want to capture it or even if you capture you have strict strict access control. So all those are built
into the system >> to control the access lock the access but also of course I mean if you say something bad accidentally you know we there we're building a mode to uh redact certain things for you >> can you trust it? >> Um it should be pretty pretty pretty good. Uh we're still working on that. You know there the critical things you don't want to leave a record. You say hey that's off the record. You know maybe we go ahead and just remove that instantly. >> I left us a couple minutes for the fun questions from the crowd. So I got to pull them up here. But you can say something brilliant and while I while I find it here. >> Uh you have any slides you didn't >> Yeah, you can. You can ask people to ask. >> All right. I really wanted to do question eight. Uh where is that? All right. If Otter This is from the crowd. But I didn't make it up. If Otter could summarize my love life based purely on
my meetings, should I be impressed or deeply concerned? [laughter] [clears throat] >> Um, I guess that's a really debateful um [laughter] um it it I I uh I think it's probably a good thing the because the um you know even myself uh I don't think I'm a good listener. uh if if AI can help me listen better. Uh actually I use that all the time now. After a meeting with the customer, I I actually asked AI to grade myself. How did I do? Did I did I ask questions the the right questions? >> Did I pick up the cues uh that the customer implied >> uh or did I talk too much? I think you know that the same principle can be applied to uh your personal life as well. Yeah, that that capability must not have existed or even been close when you started the company. Now the sentiment analysis is unbelievable. >> Yeah. Um eventually, you know, I I had this fantasy that hey um eventually my whole life is captured
by AI, right? Um you know, I'm I'm already doing that. I have I have two watches. I wearing two watches because I run marathons. I have a lot of uh lot of metrics capture. >> Yeah. Uh so that's just my um uh health metrics but you know my emotional my uh my intellectual uh data you know it's usually uh manifested by voice. >> Yeah. So I like I love to have AI capture almost everything. Um and eventually this is your personal coach. This is your um your your uh personal uh assistant as well. You know again but these are all personal use cases but you know for us you know we're really focusing on the team use case now. >> Are there any metag glasses people out there recording right now? >> Shockingly no. Right here in in the heart of Silicon Valley nobody's Yeah. That's that's an interesting debate, too, because there's, you know, glasses, there's a pendant, there's a just always on video and
audio recording that's coming imminently, but a lot of people seem to be avoiding it. You don't want to be that person, I guess. So, I don't know what you see and don't see in the transcripts from all the customers, but the question is, what's the most outrageous thing that Otter has ever just transcribed in a meeting? >> You could probably just AI query that up on the fly if you want. >> Um, I don't know. We we we cannot we cannot see customers meetings. Obviously, it's uh it's all uh encrypted. Um I I'm sure I'm sure there's >> Here's here's one that I actually is a function I really need. I don't know if you'll build it or not, but how close are we to Otter not only transcribing the meeting, but actually telling the CEO when they're wrong, which is a broader way of saying a lot of people do have trouble with confrontation, but you know, sometimes it's obvious that something needs to be
done or cleaned up or changed and everybody knows it, but nobody's willing to say it. Yeah, feels like there might be a difference. >> Yeah, this is actually where AI can be um can have an advantage because if if you tell the CEO they're wrong, they're offended. But if AI tell them then, you know, they they're probably okay. Uh because you know what what do you do with AI, right? You cannot fire them or anything. >> Yeah, exactly. There's no push back at all. I guess you shut it off. Uh, what what industry has the worst meeting discipline and therefore is the best Otter customer? >> You must be in in pretty much every industry, right? With $100 million ARR. >> Yeah, we we have a lot of software companies as our uh customers. Uh financial is another big uh big vertical. Surprisingly, um we're we're getting really strong adoption by financial companies um because they they they are usually
the slowest uh adopting new AI technologies, but uh because of their very super sensitive about security, confidentiality, encryption and everything. Um but surprisingly, they're they they're adopting um a technology like >> Oh, that's interesting. Well, they they are very slow to adopt technology, but they also have to record everything for regulatory reasons. >> For regular Yeah. either regulatory or um you know for training purposes, you know, they they they have a lot of meetings with their customers. They actually one of our customers told us they um whenever they hire a new associate, it takes them like almost a year to train that associate. Talking to customers, it's a asset manager uh management company. Um, now they're using Otter to help with that process. >> I don't know if anyone's ever How many people have tried that? It's so fun. You You basically simulate a conversation. It's
usually a sales conversation. It could be, but it could be a dating conversation. Wouldn't matter. And in real time, you have to speak and then it scores you as you're going. At first, it's very disconcerting, but after you're into it, then it's Yeah, you're you it's you know, it's like having a like if you imagine kids playing soccer, they're all over the map. like they're all just like running in random directions and if you had a personal coach in everybody's AirPods telling them no no no what you want to do now is go left the team would be incredible but there aren't enough coaches but AI can see and coach everybody so then you translate that over to sales behavior and you're like every sentence you say is scored >> for financial companies because everything they say uh is has a a big stake you know they you may gain >> or maybe illegal you know gain win or lose a million dollars. So
everything is super critical. So yeah, you just mentioned uh coaching. So we we actually uh we we build a live coaching system. Uh whenever when when you have a live zoom call or Google meet call with the customer um actually the the AI actually giving you listen in real time and give you live live uh advice and if the customer ask certain question you cannot answer the AI give you the answer right away. You basically just read the answer back. >> It's actually one of my absolute favorite AI use cases because I think we all live relatively unoptimized lives. You know, maybe as little as 5 or 10% utilized lives because all of the options are overwhelming and the person you could turn to and talk to right now, we've got you've got over 150 choices. You know, what's the optimal choice? It's very hard to know. And so all of life is full of these little forks in the road. And if you look at the
success of Silicon Valley compared to pretty much any other city in the country, it shows you how random those bumping. Like the density of good bumpins here is so much higher. And that creates massive amounts of concentration of success, but somebody in Atlanta, not to pick on Atlanta right now, could find the one other person in Atlanta that knows Sam Alman or whatever, and then but you just don't have the AI helping you with every little step along the way yet. But when you do, I think we're going to have much more optimized lives. >> Yeah. I I see, you know, the a um a conversational knowledge engine like this can really help connect people. It connect all the meetings, connect all the people, share the knowledge and you know, >> so final question, you may have already answered it just now, but if you could invent one feature that would instantly make every meeting 10 times better, what
would it be? And can it phase >> make people show? Can Oh, can a phase make people shut up? Yeah. Okay. Ignore that. >> Yeah. The the Well, um I I don't think it's one feature, but eventually you say, "Hey, you you you spend an hour and talk about all the action items you need to do." By the end of the meeting, AI say, "Hey, I have finished all of them." >> Yeah, I love that. I love that. Sam, this has been fantastic. Thank you very much. Appreciate the uh taking the time. >> Thank you. Yeah. [applause]