I do think that the the more comments I'm seeing are showing disbelief. I think that's the general feeling I'm getting. Reading the comments seems to indicate that the majority of people out there seem to be more pessimistic, more bearish. In other words, there's disbelief out there. It was there's been a lot of pessimism towards Bitcoin this year is healthy for the continuation overall uh for Bitcoin to go higher. You had negative sentiment. You've got bullish divergences into key levels. That's about all you need. There are fundamental reasons why it could go a lot higher over the over the longer term. >> If Bitcoin at some point in the next few months goes to 100K and above 100K, I'll guarantee there'll be people out there saying, "Oh, 500K, it's obvious." Charlie, it's really interesting what we're seeing on Bitcoin. Uh just recently, Bitcoin managed to take out resistance at the levels
at the spring highs and the May highs. uh which by the way triggered the Dow theory bullish signal. So my good friend and trader Manuel Bllye he's essentially saying look uh Bitcoin has bottomed and in his view according to the Dow theory model um he believes that we're now in a bull market and I have to say that there are other indications as well which seems to um corroborate that view that potentially Bitcoin has bottomed and that uh we could perhaps see an uptrend developing despite any pullbacks or corrections that may occur. Uh, and I'll get your view on this, uh, Charlie because I'm interested to hear whether you agree with this view or not. Uh, but before before I go on, I should say that I recently posted a video on Bitcoin. And I noticed that the the ratio of pessimistic versus optimistic comments are about even, but it seems that not everybody is bullish. So, it seems to be that
uh, from the comments I've been reading, I would say about half are pessimistic or bearish. they're expecting Bitcoin to retest the lows it formed uh back at near 57K or 60K. Now, the other half are saying, well, of course it's a bottom. Well, of course, it's going to go to new all-time highs. It's like it's almost obvious. Well, um so they're they're more leaning towards bullish. Uh so, the sentiment I would say right now is mixed. I do think that the the more comments I'm seeing are showing disbelief. I think that's the general feeling I'm getting. Reading the comments seems to indicate that the majority of people out there in the Bitcoin community or watching these videos seem to be more pessimistic, more bearish. In other words, there's disbelief out there. So, that's that's what I'm getting. That's the impression I'm getting. And by the way, guys, the reason why sentiment is so important
is because it's really important to know what the crowd is thinking because the crowd again bird mentality is often a good contrarian signal. A great book on this I'm reading right now. Oh, it's by the way I just started reading this is the crowd by Gustav Leon uh written 1890s. Okay. So really good book. Get that and check it out. Yeah. So crowd psychology really important here. What are you seeing U Charlie before we go and talk about Bitcoin? What do you think about the sentiment right now about Bitcoin at the moment relative to what it was some months ago perhaps? >> Well I think I was just about to say well for the year overall um but generally speaking this year that I've yeah my measures of sentiment as well. Um it was there's been a lot of pessimism towards Bitcoin this year and other and crypto in general. Um and so um I mean when Bitcoin came down to 50 odd,000 how many people were
looking for it to come to 30 or 40,000 you know or even lower. >> I got to say I'm guilty of that too because uh when when it dropped down to the lows sorry to interrupt you by the way. >> That's right. Yeah. But uh certainly when it dropped down to 60K, some of the technicals and the Dow theory model, they're they're essentially showing that the bare market could continue to 50K. But I I will say this, I I also saw divergences, positive divergences, which are leaning more towards bullish. Bitcoin has made a lower low here as we can see on the daily chart. But with a higher low on the MACD, a divergence, a positive divergence, we would then need to see an impulsive rally. In other words, in order to indicate or increase the probability of a bottom, whether intermediate or long-term, we would have to see a break again, an impulsive rally or break above these levels of resistance at 67,264
to 70,512. I began to change my mind to towards a rally. So, I should just say guys that in the video I posted back in August, the August 20th member video, I actually mentioned that Bitcoin could see a rally back up to 77K and even 82K based on the trend line break. So, when the trend line broke, Bitcoin has managed to break out, break this trend line. So, by breaking this resistance region again, the 200 SMA, keeping it simple, as long as Bitcoin can remain above support, there's potential here for bulls to extend this further higher. In other words, for the potential and the probability for a move into the 1382 and the 161 at golden ratio extension. So that remains the higher probability here. And by the way, if this region also breaks, there's also potential for a move eventually to test this region as well between the 38.2% level here at 83,700 to about 80,600 to retest that major resistance
high. So that potential was there. However, one thing I wasn't sure about and still again, nobody can be sure. Nobody can be certain. But one thing we can obviously never be certain of is whether the rally is corrective, you know, you know, just a correction before it drops down again or whether the rally is the start of a new uptrend. And that's actually something we want to talk about. I want to talk about with you in this video. >> So yeah, uh I think we had a backdrop of pessimism. And you're right, you can't time pessimism. You have to then couple that with the technicals as well and other and other information. But um but certainly we had the backdrop there. A lot of pessimists out there this year and it's interesting you said that it's mixed even from your comments in your videos at the moment. So I think that's healthy in that is healthy for the continuation overall uh for Bitcoin
to go higher. For me technically um it did those divergences. That was the thing on the weekly charts. I'm sure you'll show that there was a big weekly divergence there. So, I I got bullish once we did the double bottom. That's when I uh got bullish. And also at that very point, you know, I'm a moving average person. We came into the monthly 50 period moving average. I think it was a trend line on your chart as well. And um so it was it was a nice you had negative sentiment. You've got bullish divergences into key levels. That's about all you need. I did notice a divergence on the weekly chart. I totally agree with you. As a matter of fact, we're getting another divergence with respect to the February low. So, we can see that we're getting another positive divergence here as well. As a matter of fact, it's much more clear on the weekly time frame. The MACD on the weekly time frame is also
showing a positive divergence. I was waiting for a break of resistance like a trend line resistance which I mentioned back in August before I can be more confident about a bottom or in other words about a temporary intermediate bottom and then a rally. >> Uh my question is do you wait for a break of resistance just to confirm or increase the probability of that divergence? You don't. >> No, I'm an aggressive trader. Okay. >> Um I do need something you know that divergence is a specific pattern that I trade. So I have specific rules and entry rules around that. So, I don't need to wait for a trend line break in that in that situation because I have other rules of I only need a a half decent uh up closing bar on that given time frame to then give the the signal for me. So, I don't need to wait that long. >> You said you're more of an aggressive trader. So, it's more aggressive. >> Yeah, you
trade more aggressively. So does that mean that when you see a divergence, you put a stop loss in place and essentially you go with the divergence like let's say if it's an if it's a bullish divergence it's a positive divergence then you get long with a wide stop loss and then either hit your stop in which case you're stopped out for for a small loss >> or you um >> or I get a great riskreward. I mean Bitcoin is different to me anyway. I don't I don't trade Bitcoin. Um trading is using stops and all of that. I'm just a long-term investor in it. So, you know, unleveraged and all of that, but you can still take the same patterns >> and and have a cut off. Yes. If you because there's plenty of people out there who are trading it. And so, yeah, I would traditionally be in long before a trend line gets broken. Um, so I just need to see a nice strong up bar and that will be enough for me once the
divergence is in and then the up bar and I will use that. So it's a bit more aggressive but it does mean that the risk-to-reward ratio is strong as well. >> My other question to you was this whether you think the balance of probabilities has now shifted towards a rally to new all-time highs. Uh or do you think you know what and I'm I'm guessing the the answer to your question to this will be a no. But do you think there's still high probability of a drop or a crash back down to the lows of 60k or 57k? I'm guessing from what you've told me so far that you're more leaning towards the bullish side of things, especially as I just mentioned, a lot of the sentiment and even among social media comments that I've been reading are more well mixed, but they're more lean towards disbelief or actually the more pessimistic bearish side which supports a contrarian view for more potential upside perhaps
in the next several weeks and months. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I am um on balance and so um I think that the price action that we've seen even just recently I think it all looks very constructive. I'm not necessarily looking for new alltime highs this year. Maybe not even next year. Um so but I'm certainly bullish towards it overall. Um I just not entirely sure that we're going to be going to new alltime highs in the next few months. You know that sort of thing. So, I am bullish on it, but um you know, and it'll move around, of course, it'll have little pullbacks and stuff, but I my contention is that the low that we put in uh a few months ago into a major lows on high time frames with a a flush in negative sentiment should be a major low. >> Yeah. As a matter of fact, this is something I mentioned in my videos before, which is the drop that occurred uh back in the summer. As a matter of fact,
reached a trend line, which we looked at by the way, major trend line, uptrend line, support, held it, bounced, and moved back above the 200 weekly average, which again were signs, strong signs of positivity, a potential bullishness, uh, of a potential rally. Of course, one thing we didn't know at the time and we still don't know, I mean, there's still uncertainty out there and markets are chaotic and unpredictable. One thing we didn't know and we still don't know is whether this rally that we're seeing right now, the rally we've seen so far from the summer lows near 60k or 57k, whether this is start of an uptrend taking us to new all-time highs or whether it's just a correction, temporary correction which could still go higher but and then eventually drop down to continue the bare market. That's something we don't know and it's again nobody knows. It's impossible to know with 100% certainty,
but it seems the probabilities are leaning towards at least some kind of a bottom, intermediate or long-term, and then the potential for a new bull market, an uptrend. Whether the uptrend or bull market will take us will take us to new all-time highs. That is the unknown. Perhaps enough information is not out there for us to determine that. But you're you're at least saying, look, even if we don't go to all-time highs this year or even next year, there is scope for a rally of some sort taking us higher. Is that >> Yeah, I think I think um well, well, it's twofold. One is I think that low, >> you know, I think that was a material low. It was a good technical low on high time frames coupled with, you know, mass pessimism out there. I think it's just ideal as a low. The hardest thing is to know is to predict and I'm not in the prediction business but you know that oh it's going to go to you
know 150,000 or 200,000 and when but I can be bullish overall. Um I'm not convinced the timing of when it goes back up if it is going to get there to those prior highs. That's the hardest thing. But I think there's enough scope in it to uh still have a nice run even if it doesn't go straight back to 120, you know. So, yeah, I I mean, you know, I'm bullish on it. Yeah. >> But I one thing that I can't say to you, sorry. Um is loads of people out there saying it's going to go to 500,000 or million or whatever. >> That's why I'm not in that business. >> Just give it enough, Charlie. Just give it time. I I'll guarantee you as soon as Bitcoin if Bitcoin at some point in the next few months goes to 100K and above 100K I'll guarantee there'll be people out there saying oh 500k it's obvious you know those people will suddenly come out of the woods >> had the same in silver at the beginning of this
year I had all of that on my channel at the beginning of the year people say oh silver's Charlie you're wrong silver's going to 500 okay when are they coming back to to wrap you up in that in that special suit >> that's True. That's true. >> So, um I don't actually I don't want to >> I'm joking. Uh but because anything can happen in the markets, but um but generally speaking, you know, there are certain levels in markets that >> uh that uh are very likely not going to go straight to silver going to 500 or or whatever. But uh Bitcoin, who knows? Yeah, there there is there are fundamental reasons why it could go a lot higher over the over the longer term. the timing of that I find a bit more difficult. So, for now, I'll remain bullish and I'll just see as and when it as and when it can get back to those 100%. Can I just let you know that Charlie and I are doing a joint educational course on
trading and technical analysis in November. That's on Sunday, November 8th. Full details are here on this link you see here, Pro Trading Workshop. And you get a discount, a major discount when you go and sign up today. By the way guys, just let you know, we got a lot of tremendous feedback when we did this course uh back in January of uh this year. So, I'll just read you some of the comments I received. Uh this one says uh from Robert B. Uh condensed and valuep packed. I'm already re-watching the recordings and applying the techniques. The workshop was worth every penny. Uh thanks, Robert. This one is from Ryan L. Great insights that have improved my trading. No end. From January to now, my win rate and more importantly, profitability has grown a big amount. And then uh from Boris who says well structured and informative it gave me more guidelines of how to in trade invest and I'm looking
forward to the next one. Charlie if you can just tell everyone briefly about what's involved. Again I'll be covering u the technical analysis side of this particular course and Charlie if you could just give a brief outline. Yeah, it's um probably about seven hours of tuition, both yourself and myself sharing our probably a bit more of our intimate elements of how we go about trading, your analysis, how you pull all that together in order to make your informed decisions and I talk more on a strategy basis, specific mechanical strategy, entry techniques, exit techniques, all of that sort of stuff. I'll be showing a full, you know, two full strategies as well in the course of that. So, it's quite intense. Um, that's why we're recording it because it's a lot to take in. Um, and like you just said, we had great feedback in January. So, u, and there were people that have said, "Oh, could you do
it again?" So, we're doing it again Sunday the 8th. >> Brilliant. Thanks very much, Charlie. And guys, remember the discount, the early bird discount is right there for you in go link protradingworkshop.com. Uh the link is in the description and full details about the course uh are also on that link. See you guys in November. Thanks so much Charlie. Much appreciate