What's up everyone? Welcome to Milk Road. What you're going to see today is a sneak preview of Milk Road Pro After Hours, which our analysts record after every single one of our rollup episodes on this channel. So, basically what they do is they talk for 40 minutes, record this beautiful podcast, and then afterwards, they stick around to actually talk about their moves and grill each other on each other's portfolios, pull up the portfolios and see what's in there and kind of, you know, discuss what their moves might actually be this coming week and into the future. It's where the real alpha is. And if you want to see these right when they come out, you can go Milk Road Pro for just a dollar at the link below. They come out right after the episodes, but the one you're going to see today is a few weeks old, so keep that in mind. Otherwise, enjoy it. >> All right, welcome back after hours. Hopefully
you guys enjoyed the roll up this week. Now, it is time to talk about our portfolios. We're going to start with Melvin, our boy Junior. I think he's made the most moves uh recently. Um what's on your mind in your portfolio? What is the most recent move you made? Actually, I guess I can see it right here. You bought some um Credo. >> Yeah, I bought some Credo because um they had their earnings about two three weeks ago and uh stocks still sell off because they having a little bit of a deceleration, but that's totally fine. They're they were going at triple digit numbers. Um if you don't know what Credo is, essentially it's basically one of the companies responsible for moving, you know, um data around AI uh data centers. um you know obviously the GPUs like provides the computing power but all those GPUs memory system and network need you know uh constantly need to communicate with each other
and Credo essentially builds the advanced cables um that makes these chips connect faster more reliable and more efficient. Um their main business or one of their business is active electric cables. These are their advanced copper like cables um connecting all these chips and switches together. Um, I really like their earnings. Um, I believe growth, their growth is expected to slow down from 115% this quarter to roughly 98% next quarter. Um, and investors were looking for a little bit of a larger guidance increase, which they haven't done. But you have to understand this stock had a huge runup this year. I think the all-time high is somewhere between 280 or 250 if I'm not mistaken. 300 something 300. Yeah. and it's right now currently at 150, but I think he has a good shot of making it past 220 um by the end of the year, 200s to 220. So, um when all the doomer stuff happened or not the doomer
stuff, last week we had a bit of a selloff. Um and yesterday, um we also had a bit of a sell-off. So, I this was one stock that hasn't really moved in the last couple days or last couple weeks. So, I just decided to buy it. I I think this is a really good buy. Um so, yeah. Damn, you bought a 107 back in March. It ran to 300. No profits you took. No profits you took. >> Yeah, [gasps] should have taken some profits, but it's okay. Um, but I also last week I want to say I sold some of my positions. I was um I was getting a little nervous going into this week, especially with the Fed rate hikes and whatnot. Um, last week the there wasn't much of a chance or there was the chances were significantly lower. Now it's around 93%. Um, so I just wanted to have some cash so I can deploy at times like this when we have overall market weakness. So I sold like two grand I believe in Nebas and I also sold
some meta which happened. >> Ran on you, didn't it? [laughter] >> It ran on me. I waited this long. The next day ran up on me. But that's okay. That is that is a okay. It's up like 5 to 10% some 10% I believe. So I'm okay with that. I feel I I can sleep better at night knowing that I have some cash position in hand. So, >> yeah. What do you got in cash? 6,000. Wow, you really did increase your cash position. Well done, sir. I did. >> Um Oracle. Oracle is an interesting one. Um this is the the bet on OpenAI and OpenAI has been on an absolute tear over the last what like month since July, let's call it. Um do you think or O or O or O or O or O or O or O or O or O or O or O or O oracle has a big comeback? It's also down like what 50% at least. Yeah, it it is down 50%. Their OCI increased um which is their cloud business um which is the main thing that everybody really cares about. But the main
problem with Oracle is I think it's also very much tied to the interest rates as well because they have a massive massive debt in on their company. So if interest rate gets hike or like if there is any major hikes coming up they're they're going to be significantly affected by it. Uh but I do think they have a chance to come back. I think um their recent quarter showed um great numbers. Um their revenues up um and their cloud business is up. So, I'm not I'm not super worried. This is a stock you want to buy and hold for, you know, the next couple years. You'll you'll you'll easily double your money here. Like, this is this is a no-brainer. >> Yeah. Martin, over to you, buddy. Uh you you've been uh you added a few things to your watch list. I is one of them. And then you also had a couple updates on on App Leven, your worst performing asset that you think is going to be your best. Talk to
me about it. >> Yeah, I think um markets sold off Applovin because they missed their uh Q2 earnings by 1%. And so they got punished like uh I think it was huge overreaction of the market and the management said that they missed by 1% because they didn't update the model quickly enough. Uh so I think it's no it's no issue at all and they guided for much much higher growth in in Q3. So I think once we got Q3 results like the whole all FUD is going to be just like removed and the the stock will rerate higher. You took a bunch of profits last week. We talked about it last week a little bit. You have not deployed that again yet. you were very bearish on our uh rollup that we just did. >> Is that why you took profits? And uh what are you looking at to deploy? >> I'm not in a hurry to deploy because again right now I feel like I don't know if we are uh going uh higher or lower. I mean like you know
yields and Iran and Trump and like there's just so much going on and like don't get me wrong I have just 15% in cash so like I am still very much allocated to the market so like you know if I'm bearish I would probably increase my cash position much more but um yeah I I want to have some cash ready if we see like you know deeper deeper sell off. >> We're going to pause for a second. The AI trade is changing. The bottleneck stocks are either running out of steam or getting ready for another leg higher while the application layer is finally starting to show some real profits. Our analysts were early to the last wave and now they are buying for the next one. Catch your next call inside Milkro Pro for just a dollar at the link below. But I added iron to to my watch list because as you know Galaxy is my biggest position and last week I was checking what air uh because aircode was kind of making
announcements about which companies got some aircott approvals and some classifications. And I saw that iron got two gigawatts approved um classified as conditional base load which pretty much means like hey guys if you are going to meet all these conditions which I suppose they are you are going to have access to 2 GB and so they already have pretty much confirmed access to 5 GW and I think that like you know access to the energy is going to be a big thing again and now all these companies with access to the energy are priced down pretty heavily and including Galaxy. I think iron looks really interesting here. I'm still working on it, but um yeah, I I'm probably going to share this next. >> Yeah, Melvin [clears throat] bought Iron. Melvin bought some iron a couple weeks ago, right? You know what my problem is with Iron? And I haven't done enough research on them, but they sponsored the Golden
State Warriors at like the highest I think the highest amount ever for a basketball team. And I'm like, you're a B2B like infrastructure play. Why? Why are you sponsoring the Golden State Warriors? It makes no sense. >> Did you know they sponsored the All-In podcast or All-In Summit as well yesterday? >> Did they? I didn't know that. So, it just feels a bit rogue. Like, I don't know that they really need to do any of that. I understand some of their client base is is obviously in San Francisco, so that's why they're doing it. But, like, there's a lot easier ways to get to a very small group of people that they would need to be selling their uh their compute to. It's just it seems very odd. But anyway, you can look into that as you do your research. Uh Martin, so you're still looking into buy them. Anyone else you're looking at right now? >> I also edit Terra Wolf, which is a similar story,
but I haven't done my full research yet. So, um I want to finish my Iron uh final thesis first and then I'll share with everyone else on the platform and then I will look into Terra Wolf. By the way, for those um watching, just before you jump in, Melvin, uh if you click on the MRMI inside of the platform, the Milk Road macro index, you can see the allocations of of cash that the analysts have. It totals it all up here, as well as um what our indicators show in terms of the market. Um so, right now, uh a few of us actually have taken out some cash. Martin's the highest at 16%, then me at 11. Vincent at almost 11. Uh Melvin got his way back up to 9. John, who used to be the one holding the most cash by like a large sum. He's like what 25% is now down to just 1.6. He's almost broke uh as Clarity doesn't get past. So, we'll see what happens there. But I will talk about crypto in a second. But
um but anyway, I just wanted to share that. Uh Melvin, you wanted to add something >> No, I literally was going to comment on John's cash position. I think he's fully invested in as of like a couple days ago. So, um I I just thought it was it was kind of funny. I'm going to talk about crypto in a second, but let me go over to you first, Vincent. Uh although maybe you're probably going to to talk about this as well. Where's your portfolio right here? You were on vacation, so maybe you didn't do a whole lot recently. Um what's on your mind in terms of your portfolio? You looking to do anything? >> I was on vacation, but I was checking markets daily, of course. Um I really was actually I was with my dad walking and he was asking me, "What are you doing on your phone your entire [laughter] time?" And I was showing him X and he was like, "What the fuck?" Anyways, um so my view hasn't really changed
over the last two weeks. Um I'm not going to deploy any new capital capital into the AI infiltrate. Probably shifting around some of my capital, moving some out of uh GLW or Corning into into some of the names that I think have a more clear path towards the next earning spike. I think that's Bloom Energy, Micron, and Infinian. Especially Infinian is like going to prices or to levels now which are really interesting to me. Market is like fully selling off the name. I think not really understanding the story of power semiconductors in 800 volt DC and especially the involvement of um Infinion in the space. So that's one side of things. The other side of things I have a pretty strong view is the whole digital assets space. You mentioned Clarity Act today really important. Let's see how that plays out. But um even if it were a no and they were not passing, I think it would be a short to midterm
bummer in the space. I would be buying dips there. I would be buying hood. I would be buying ETH. Uh don't have a really strong view on altcoins though. I think it makes sense for John to to start investing here because he's really deep in the space and I think there's alpha to be made here. So, I wouldn't be surprised if John end of the year, beginning of next year is by far in number one because alt alts are starting to outperform, but we shall see. Um, yeah, and Robin Hood is is is what still one of my biggest conviction names here. I think the the the teases and this is really telling Tim. I wanted to to make this point on the on the pot earlier. We're doing like the pots that are performing or the posts on social media perform are all about AI infrastructure mainly. If you're talking about agentic AI, AI adoption, the the teases of AI agents at Robin Hood, for instance, the market and
people do not really care. And this to me is just telling that this is this teas is really early and is is only starting to play out. So, so remaining very bullish on in in that space and and adding dips there with with new capital. >> Nice. Yeah, for me, I I I sold um my Salesforce position. I was up 60% or so. Um, so I just sold the whole thing. Um, I still have my kind of SAS exposure through Service Now. Um, although it's quite small at this point and now I think Salesforce is up a little bit today. Uh, you know, we're going back to the same thing. When infrastructure goes down, software goes up. So that's kind of how it's split out. But either way, um, what I'm really eyeing up right now is if I don't think the Clarity Act is going to get passed, um, which by the way is just the the regulation around the crypto industry. It looks like it's not going to get passed. My hope is that as
a result, Bitcoin is going to kind of nuke much lower. If I actually pull up the chart, by the way, we talked about this, me and John, there's an after hours going on from the crypto side, uh, probably today on the same day. Um, so I would just watch there, we go in more detail. I have a feeling we're going to come back down here and if this does, Galaxy, um, Robin Hood, uh, Coinbase, a lot of the the crypto equities that we've talked about that kind of stretch into also AI and Aentic, I think they're going to nuke along with it. Uh even IN uh and I think Wolf they were a bitcoin miner as well right wolf financial >> iron yes yes uh wol but they are not mining anymore. Yeah. >> Okay. So one thing to understand about even Iran is their their price currently moves on on the price of Bitcoin because that's still their biggest revenue stream is is mining Bitcoin. And so I think a lot of these
companies that are moving into the AI space pivoting and and are well positioned there. They're still moving off the backs of crypto. It's why they've done so well over the last few weeks. We've talked a ton about this. Um, I don't know what's going to happen here, but if Clarity doesn't get packed, my hope is that Bitcoin is going to have a bit of a nuke. Um, and then I think it's all going to bounce back because what's going to happen is the CFTC and the SEC are already ready to release regulations regardless of the Clarity Act. So, they don't need it. I think they're going to release by the end of the week if Clarity Act doesn't get passed. Um, and I think we're going to see a quick dip and then things will go back up and and I'm not overly concerned. It'd be nice to have Clarity Act, don't get me wrong. I just don't think we need it. Uh, and so I'm hoping that I can get Galaxy, maybe
Coin, uh, you know, a little bit lower off of the backs of that. So, I don't know if it's going to happen, but that's kind of one of the reasons why I'm kind of holding out cash right now and kind of sitting in. I think last week I said I wanted to buy Galaxy. It was at like 26 or 27. I was like, I'm just going to hold out for a bit here. And we're at 22.8 right now. Hopefully, it can go a little bit lower and I' I'd look to buy more. >> What makes you think that the Clarity Act is not that important? I mean like you know uh CEO of Coinbase, CEO of Galaxy, they are all in Washington just lobbying to get this bill passed through and yet it seems like it's not. So I feel like >> all the people involved really want this bill to go through and so I feel like it is important to the whole industry. >> It it is 100% important. I'm not saying it's not important, but Clarity Act, really what it is
is a bunch of rules to say that the regulators need to get a framework and a regulatory framework uh live. That's what they're trying to make a law here. And the regulatory companies that are involved in crypto are already saying, "Hey, we don't even need clarity. We're going to do it anyway." And they've already been saying that they're prepared to launch their their regulatory um infrastructure or sorry, their regulatory framework even if Clare doesn't pass. So, of course, it would be amazing if it did. it would help a lot of institutions get into the space and and build in blockchain um with more clarity. But I think we're going to get some clarity regardless even if we don't get it. And Brian Armstrong was the one who said that. Mike Noatz really wants it. Brian Armstrong was like, even if we don't get it, it's fine. We're going to get reg regulation anyway. So, I don't know. It's it's
obviously not great, but I don't think it's like the end of the world if it doesn't come through. I think um I think we'll be all right. So, let's see. That's kind of my my take there. All right, guys. Any um we got a couple more minutes. Anyone else eyeing anything else that we should be talking about here? >> Yeah, something I was mentioning on on the pod earlier is um is Bending Spoons. I'm going to do a deep dive on YouTube this week, so you get the full teases there. >> That's a public company. >> It's a public company. They did their IPO in June or something June or May. Um >> what's the ticker? >> BSP. BSP. It's a Yeah, as I said, the CEO is framing it this way. It's a 75% tech company, 25% private equity company. And the their playbook, their AI enabled playbook is crazy. They're buying stuff and they have 50 different AI enabled tools which they bring to just cut out costs of the
companies, enhance their products. So, it's a yeah, it's a it's it's it's a not well-known company. I mean, none of you guys know it. I think um I I checked on X. Just a couple of people are talking about this company. Stock is not that up a lot. Um it's yeah, it's it's a really interesting play that I uh I definitely have on my watch list here. >> There was um our PR guy kept asking me about this. Um so I think some of the news like media companies uh or outlets, sorry, were were kind of onto this, but maybe that was around their IPO because I kept saying I don't know. I haven't looked enough into it and so I didn't never gave like a take on it but um it has died out since then because he hasn't asked in a while. Yeah, I'm just I'm I'm just really bullish on the broader AI adoption space because I think we're reaching a level of Jansen calls it AGI now where the model capability is just
so high. It's just now all about adoption, right? And I posted this chart on X today where where you see that the AI adopting companies are outperforming the nonAI adopting companies like especially like there there's building this wedge and I think this is coming from this enhanced capabilities and everything from Eli Liy to Robin Hood to to Bending Spoons I think are great buys because this thesis is not built in yet and it's starting to play out. >> It's the application layer. I I continue to look for more opportunities there. This is why I'm talking about Coinbase and Robin Hood uh at same idea. Eli Liy actually just had um a price target raised up to 1,400. I forget which bank it was. Um and so you know it's only at what 1100 right now. So it's starting to get raises. I think application and this is what Martin's portfolio is right. Apploving Uber these are all application layer stuffed
AI where it's going to reinvent their business um and hopefully make them much more profitable um and increase their earnings. I'm actually like really bullish on that layer who is going to bring that you know ROI on AI because not every company is able to really build AI agents in an effective way so their business is getting better. So you know some companies they should just not even try that and just outsource that part of their business. So like you know I think Salesforce or service now because they are so so much integrated in across all S&P 500 companies that's pretty easy for them to just hey we are going to sell you this agent and this agent and like you know eventually this is going to be the orchestration layer for the companies who are not capable of building that orchestration for themselves. >> I still think Palanteer is a is a great buy for exactly for this >> these levels
though. Come on. It's at 180 190 I think. What is it at right now? >> I I I really don't care. I really don't care about the valuation of this company. This was this company was never never never never cheap. It's it's the complete opposite of the AI infrastructure trade which is really cheap at the moment. It's just a thesis that they're going to be the ones deploying AI and especially agentic AI at companies at a in a way that is affordable for companies. That's teases on Palunteer. >> I get it. But PE ratio of 147 is a little [laughter] too steep, man. >> I mean, you're only Tesla. What's the PE ratio of Tesla? >> What is it? 300. >> Even worse, that's they have a harder but yeah. >> Martin, what's your view on Palunteer, though? I'm interested. >> I have love and hate relationship with Bondier. >> I think it's awesome company and I want Yeah, I I just struggle to buy at this prices. >>
But like I agree with you, Winston. Like I'm usually the one who says like, "Hey, it's [ __ ] expensive." But again, I think you could apply this for Tesla as well. And I think Ponteer is really exceptional here. So I'm really considering to to buy some volunteer actually because I just love that business and I just need to make my mind about the current prices. But you you also express that same trade through Service Now, right? It's a very similar somewhat similar company. Also a high valuation but not nowhere near as high as Palanteer and it got sold off like crazy. You bought it back in was it June near the lows or maybe even a little before that like under 100 bucks or around 100 bucks. Um and that's paid off. It's at 144 now, right? So, you already kind of have exposure to the the harness AI trade already. >> I want more exposure to that layer. >> Yeah, I agree. It's just value. >>
Sell some Galaxy, bro. Sell some Galaxy. [laughter] >> Never. >> All right, guys. Let's wrap there. But thanks for that was a great after hours. Uh appreciate everyone for for joining in. Uh a reminder, you can go connect your portfolios uh now inside of Milk Road Pro. It'll pull in all your your own assets and you can compare them beside our analysts. Uh we'll soon have an insights tab as well where our analysts will be able to give insights on your portfolio uh through AI of course uh and through all the data of of our research and training. So it's going to be super cool. So go connect, check out the new features and um we'll be launching a bunch more soon. But thanks everyone for joining in. Take care. >> Thanks guys. >> Bye guys. >> Thanks for listening to Milk Road. [music] If you enjoyed the show, make sure you like and subscribe. And if you're struggling to find winners in the market,
that's exactly what Milkro Pro is built for. Our analysts have called some of the biggest winners early and Pro lets you see what they're [music] buying next, every trade they make, and the research behind every position. Check out Milk Road Pro at the link below. Everything you hear on Milk Road is forformational purposes only. These are our personal opinions, not financial advice, and we may own some of the investments we talk about. Always do your own research and make the decisions that are right for you. See you next time.