On an individual level, I think AI can be a savior in the sense that I mean it's never really been easier to start a business. The cost of doing so, at least for many of these industries, is lower than it has been. There are ways to, you know, get services and stuff like that at lower cost than there were 5, 10, 20 years ago because AI can really extend the reach of one person or a small team. >> We are very fortunate here at Euro Dollar University to have none other than Lynn Alden with us to talk about any number of things here. I think Lynn, let's let's talk about the stock market because I think the stock market is on everybody's mind for good reason. I really this is one of the reasons I wanted to have you on. I wanted to get your take on what's going on with equities. We hear about everything, you know, AI bubble, concentration risk. Should we worry about semiconductors? Is there a
signal there? What do you think about equities maybe from a broader perspective and then you maybe drill down into some more micro scale topics. >> Yeah, big question. Happy to be here. It's been a long time since we had a chat. Yeah, equities obviously is a super broad topic, you know, kind of a big focus of mine. You know, I've been pretty bullish on equities just because of the fiscal environment that we're in. Now, obviously there's, you know, there there are certain areas that are kind of heated at the moment, but broadly speaking we look at the US and globally, you know, most of what we see in the equity market I would say is backed by fundamentals, which is that we have earnings growth, we have revenue growth for the most part. You know, we obviously there are pockets of excess, but in general it's been, you know, most of the moves have been rational. They occasionally get ahead of
themselves. There are certainly are risks. So, the question is how durable are some of these earnings? I think that that's a whole another topic. And I mean even outside of the obvious areas, you know, the hyper scalers, the semiconductors, you know, the equity market's not as strong when you take out the winners, but, you know, I think that for a quite a while uh international equities were basically under owned. There you know, there was not a lot of reason to have just kind of excess capital in them. You know, especially globally mobile capital was mostly shoved into US. It still is. So, for some of them that just the fundamentals stopped working going down. I mean not many people would have guessed that, you know, during 2025, kind of the year of trade wars, that like Latin American banks would do amazing, right? It's but it but their price is though if the world was ending and then it
just didn't. I mean, Brazil has super high real rates, banks are priced cheaply, and a number of other areas, too. Colombian banks, I mean, you know, there there was like weird pockets of the market you wouldn't expect it had like, you know, kind of crypto-like returns in a year you wouldn't think it. So, I think there's a ton of places to look in the equity market. And so, I don't I don't really treat it as just one big index, you know, just the Nasdaq or just the semiconductor ETF or, you know, just the S&P. But, I think >> AI or just, you know, everything AI. I think that's I think maybe, Lynn, that's part of the problem here is that we hear only about a specific part of the market. It's sort of like the smallest little a minority that uh that's the loudest. So, maybe our our opinion or our view of the stock market is clouded by hyperfocus on one part of the marketplace. And as you're
talking about, there's there's a whole other world out there. >> Yeah, and I mean, so the the the biggest like in terms of like the combination of size and performance, you know, it's it's easy to understand why there's been so much focus on the AI trade because even though some pockets of the market have have done really well, they're generally smaller parts. So, the combination of the some of the the percentage returns that have come from the AI space combined with the starting size is truly remarkable. I mean, if you go back to, I think, you know, late 2022 or so, you know, if you if you kind of added together the top, call it, 15 semiconductor stocks, you're looking at something like a two or three trillion market cap with all of them combined. And then, you know, you know, some months ago, I mean, that when I compiled the data last time, I mean, that that particular figure was well over
16 trillion, you know? And so, you had both the obviously a very big percentage gain in a pretty short period of time, a handful of years. And then, you had just the the sheer size of that happening. And a lot and then, you know, kind of the blow-off top was that whole period from, say, autumn of 2025 into June 2026. I I think some of the easier returns from that trade are are over. I still think that some semiconductor names probably have a higher like to go before, you know, maybe the cycle's over. I think some of those bottlenecks still might persist for a period of time. But then even outside of that trade, I mean, for example, the equal weight S&P 500, while that's not been as high-flying or exciting as some of the the the more concentrated areas, that's currently bouncing around all-time highs. So, it it even that is just grinding higher and you generally get, you know, you get more
sector fusion, even though it's the same names as the the the market cap weighted S&P. You know, in general, because equal weighted, you're kind of more slanted toward the mid-cap side than you are in the in the more concentrated, you know, the the market cap version. So, there are ways to have equity exposure that don't rely on being concentrated. And, you know, when when things are great, you're generally going to be underperforming, but if you do get kind of a big correction in some of the overbought areas, uh you're already more spread out. So, I think, you know, if someone's looking at say a passive portfolio as an example, they have an equal weight S&P 500 slice and a couple international slices and then other asset classes, there's not a lot to do over time. And and of course, you know, if they want to be more active, they want to pick names, if they want to get to where money's flowing
in, they can be more active. >> Yeah, so then let's talk about maybe some emerging cuz I think that's probably a good segue, right? I mean, if there is is there a risk to the broader marketplace? So, if if all the returns are into this narrow segment, and not all the returns, you know, I'm being being oversimplified here. But if a lot of the returns, a lot of the attention, a lot of focus is in a narrow segment, does that potentially lead to, okay, we get into a cap ex cycle that starts to run into problems and then roll over, you know, the AI bust, AI bubble narrative that's out there. I mean, there's probably some truth to that. Does that threaten the overall marketplace because the overall marketplace hasn't participated to the same extent and therefore may not be as overvalued? Is there a sentimental channel where everybody just says, "Screw it, I'm out of stocks entirely."? Is that the
downside risk the entire marketplace? What are the emerging things that you look at as so far as, "Okay, it's been pretty good for the last couple years. What what could possibly go wrong here that spoils the party? >> Yeah, I think there's a handful of things and and they're not surprises, but but trying to get the timing right is hard. So, one of them would be a more acute energy shock. You know, a lot of people are monitoring for risks of that. And two would be kind of the the exhaustion, I would put it, of the AI cycle, at least this this part of the AI cycle. And, you know, any sort of technological trend can be early or can be overdone for periods of time. I mean, the dot-com bubble is the one everybody thinks of. And, of course, the irony with that was that, you know, 10, 15, 20 years later, almost all the things they expected came true. It's just that it was it was front-loaded by
like 10 years. And and not all the names they thought would win would be the winners, and you kind of have that next cycle come along. And, of course, some of the same winners like Amazon. And so, I you know, I I there's a risk somewhat, I think, of that happening here, which is you overbuild certain things, you get too much capacity, you get overbought in certain areas. And then a lot of the bullish things come, you know, maybe not 15 years later, maybe 5 years later even. But, you've already kind of done 5 years of gains in say a a 9-month period. And so, that's you know, that's where the risks And, of course, just like any new trend, there are unprofitable layers here. So, I mean, on one, you know, the the kind of the end of the chain, the semiconductors, for the most part, they're they're doing free cash flow growth. So, so money's pouring in. They are doing CapEx, but they're making
more than they're investing. So, they're just kind of they're stacking cash. They're doing great. Are generally still trading at kind of pretty benign price-earnings ratio just because they have a long history of being cyclical. So, they're they're kind of priced more like like commodity names, for example, uh even though that they've grown to very large market cap. The hyperscalers are generally growing without free cash flow for the first time in a very long time. I mean, for the longest time, like throughout the 2010s, early 2020s, these mega-cap tech companies had really high ROI growth. And they had no CapEx, they, you know, they had search, they had kind of lock-in, you know, like Microsoft lock-in environments. It was really kind of like low-friction growth. And so, they didn't have to you lot of CapEx, Uh, least relative to their size. I mean, by by sheer numbers they did a lot of
capex, but as percentage of their revenue, it was pretty much in check. And so, they could plow their cash into share buybacks, some of them into dividends, and just having a fortress balance sheet. But now that we're in more of this hardware era, and AI has less switching costs, you know, than than network effects, or you know, social media networks, or search, or or operating systems, they're a lot more competitive. And so, they're plowing their money into into capex. And so, they're betting that they won't have to repeat this too frequently. It it kind of comes down to the debate of how long do do some of these investments have? How how long should the depreciation cycle of them be before they have to, you know, replenish their semiconductors and and things like that. And that's why, for example, when you look at their earnings expectations, it's still good, but their free cash flow dried
up because they're spreading that that cost, uh, accounting-wise. But then the question is, does that really materialize the way they think they will? That's kind of the big question mark. And then, of course, above that, you have full and profitable things, like the the frontier AI labs, are running at massive losses, and they're VC-funded. And that's, you know, the classic VC bet. And I, you know, I'm not I'm not an AI VC investor, but I work, you know, I'm a partner at a VC firm, so I kind of see this this from multiple angles. It's natural for them to be unprofitable because they're kind of going all in on growth, and and they're they're betting that the cost come down as as, you know, the the scale takes place. You hit a critical mass. So, what they're kind of expecting is that, you know, token costs go down over time. You know, Moore's law keeps kicking in, and developments keep kicking
in, and that even right now, you know, if someone pays $200 a month for for AI, for example, or they're on a different type of plan where they're kind of paying more for usage, they're generally getting subsidized by those VC investors because they want just more people using that. They want it to become an integral part of of work and life. You know, they want to keep kind of pushing the frontier forward, and they hope that that over time the cost will compress, and that that these, you know, in some years ahead, this will this will be somewhat more balanced. The problem is, you know, any number of things. One is obviously the rise of open weight models can challenge in the pricing of these and they're already even with their current pricing, they're already deep underwater. Just overall kind of like ceilings for how effective AI can be in the workplace. So for instance, you know, future
quality points. I mean, that you know, anyone who's used extensively sees certain benefits and certain limitations. It's not magic. And so, you know, you have this kind of flywheel to the upside, but then it can it can get exhausted after a period of time. When VC investors, you know, go back for another round in some of these companies or these companies try to go public and they start to you know, if some of the numbers start to stagnate from these open weight models, investors can say, "Maybe I shouldn't be paying this multiple of sales or maybe I should ask more about, you know, what what what year do you expect you might possibly start to break even on this." Which again, I mean, VC companies do run unprofitably usually, but you know, they still want to say, "Okay, what is what is the path here? You know, what does what does this look like eventually?" And so, I think that's kind of
the the biggest risk is when does that exhaustion cycle kick in? I'm I'm currently I wouldn't invest, for example, in the frontier labs themselves. I think that there's very low switching costs. You know, there's one that's kind of ahead for period of time and everybody switches to using that and then the other one kind of, you know, locks in and and kind of catches up and surpasses it and people switch right back. It's not like an operating system. It's not like a social network. People will change tools when one of them's giving them them more bang for the buck, which that's a really hard investing environment, especially when you have companies priced at, you know, over a trillion market cap or so in that such a competitive environment. The hyperscalers, I think are still a question mark at the moment. The the chip stocks, it's consensus, but I don't I don't I'm not sure that that trade's
over yet just because they they are the genuine bottlenecks. Generally hard to build a new foundry. Property there is really strong. There are, you know, a lot of good traits there. And so, that in my opinion mostly becomes an issue of how much you pay for the risk. If you think the cycle's another 3 years and ends up being 1 year, you could get in trouble. If it ends up being 5 years, you could, you know, you could get wildly rewarded. So, I think what when those consolidate for periods of time, they're still interesting. But, a lot of other parts of the market are at risk. And of course, if those other parts of the, you know, if eventually the VC funding dries up, if eventually the profitability of all things challenged, they can eventually hit the demand side of the chip stocks. I just think they I think they still have probably time to hit them would be my base case. >> Yeah, so sort
of like juggling tails here, right? I mean, on one side, like you're right, there's still an upside here because, you know, AI is I think we all agree AI is going to be a potential game It's not a potential, it's going to be a game-changing technology. So, you've got that dangling out there. Even for the VC firms, you're right. They're The reason why they're absorbing losses is because they see massive returns on the on the upside. And then the downside is, I think you just hit the nail on the head. We've all used AI. We know that it's not quite ready for prime time just yet. It may be in a couple years, but it's not there. And so, does that friction potentially drag on growth and then lead to the VC stocks first maybe getting hit and then the frontier model companies, maybe some of them start to struggle. And does that does that erode sentiment in the hyperscalers? And since the hyperscalers
are front and center in everybody's face on social media and every other form of media, does that potentially I think they I think a lot of people have gotten themselves resigned to the fact that this looks a lot like the dot-com era. But, does that necessarily mean that the rest of the stock market has the same the same potential vulnerability? So, let's let's think about this a little bit from the perspective, okay, VC the frontier models get into a little bit of trouble. Maybe the semiconductor you know, they start to show some weakness. The hyperscalers, okay, maybe not everybody's going to win there. Some of the cash flow numbers don't make sense. The debt cycle maybe shifts a little bit more unfavorably. Does that lead necessarily to something like, you know, a full-blown correction or even a full-blown kind of dot-com crisis dot-com bubble 2.0 dot-com bust 2.0? Is there is there really
that kind of risk from what is really a concentrated sector? >> My expectation would be less of a total drawdown risk than the dot-com bubble. I mean, that you know, with equities anything's possible. I mean, you know, they they go up, they go down. Uh my base case wouldn't be, you know, a 2000 or 2008 type of of massive equity drawdown. I view a bigger risk of more of a stagnation, where you have uh somewhat of a more moderate correction, and then something like sideways chop as fundamentals catch up. You know, one of the kind of instructive things might be from the dot com bubble uh era, you know, we we think of the the crazy tech stocks, but then there are even other stocks like Coca- Cola or Walmart, that back in the late '90s, they at they at their peaks, that both of them were trading at something like 50 times earnings, right? And they were they were both of these kind of blue chip,
non-tech growth stocks. They were doing well fundamentally, but investors were paying 50 times earnings. And then what happened after dot com bubble is not that Coca-Cola and Walmart went on to crash, but instead they they basically just churned sideways for uh depending on the specific name, like a decade or more, as basically earnings had to double just to bring the existing price down to say 25 times multiple, which is something more appropriate. And it won't be you know, Walmart at some point, I think got all the way down like 15 times earnings. So you had something you had something like an earnings triple before you basically paid for your your prior 50 times earnings multiple, e- even without the stock going down per se. And so I think that that I mean, there's certainly a risk of that type of price action in some of these names. Uh of course, individual names can can, you know, crash
pretty hard, and then the question is what does the index do? In some of my portfolios, I do use the equal weight version of this S&P 500 just because it does diffuse that risk a little bit more. I mean, there's still plenty of kind of reasonable quality companies trading at 12, 15, 20, 25 earnings, depending on how you know, how premium they are, what their balance sheet looks like, and things like that. There still are basically reasonably priced parts of the market. You know, generally speaking, when when you have major corrections, they go down in sympathy with it. You know, you have broad-based selling, you have algorithmic selling, you have just overall kind of capital flows coming out. But mostly in the dot com bubble, you'd have kind of the non-excessive sectors getting hit less. And so it depends on you know, how how kind of priced they are. And I think one of the I think you know,
unlike so in the 2000s and the early 2020s when you when there was the rise of these mega cap tech companies, they were the primary beneficiaries of kind of the whole mobile internet wave. Like I said before, a lot of that was high ROI network effect growth. So a lot of the market cap consolidated into them. I think kind of the the good side of of the of how this resolves is I think actually a lot of the value of AI is going to eventually end up in the in the end users. You know, right now like I mentioned before, that most AI services are being underpriced basically due to that VC subsidy. So companies that are on the forefront of making use of it are are basically getting more AI than they're paying for for the most part. So they can benefit from that if they're if they're rationing it well. And then even when this ends, I mean there there companies who their their end product is still
very much in demand in a post-AI world. You know, it's a it's a physical product. It's you know, it's something that's kind of AI resistant. While their back end could still get cost streamlined opportunities from AI. And so, you know, that's I think one of the parts of the market that can do pretty well is that even if the AI companies eventually suffer or at least certain parts of it, some of the end use companies still might just benefit from what is basically a technology deflationary, you know, trend and benefit. There there are some kind of early studies that show that that companies that adopt AI ironically tend to have faster head count growth than companies that that are slower to adopt it. Probably because they're kind of taking market share. Like there's they're able to be a little bit more competitive if they're on top of these things, if they're if they're using the technology.
>> the macroeconomic benefit of the story here? I mean, yeah, set aside the dystopian nonsense about how you know, AI's going to eliminate jobs. I mean, if AI works as it's designed and it's probably going to over time, it makes people and companies makes workers and businesses more productive. And in a competitive environment, if you're more productive than your competitor, you can offer better services at lower prices. You would think that over time that would be, as you said, head count positive. So, contrary to the horror stories of dystopian future, it's actually I love that you brought that up cuz I think it brings in you know, sort of a real world elite you know, early stage example of how this can go positively rather than focusing on so much of these big time negatives. >> Yeah, I think a lot of the negative assumptions come from assuming it's kind of a zero-sum game. Whereas Yes,
yes, yeah. Where Where as tech shifts, I mean, obviously they're a disruption. Anything that moves quickly causes disruption. >> Yes, there's winners there's winners and losers, but the pie expands, you know, so yes, the losers we all focus on the losers and we lament the jobs that disappear, but the the pie expands. Everything gets better and bigger. >> Yeah, and I think I mean like the one of the earliest examples is just basically when when humans harness hydrocarbons and made the tractor. You know, before then like over half of people worked in farming. It took you know, half the population to feed the whole population. And you know, with you know, with a with a tractor and other kind of automated tools, you basically 10x or more the productivity of each farmer. So, it takes you know, 2% of population to feed everyone. The other 98% of people can work in in non-agricultural fields. They
can make new medicines and new engineering products and be influenced on social media. Whatever they whatever the case they're doing. They get anything out of the farming. >> And then of course when >> Yeah, cuz there's high value to that. >> [laughter] >> They Yeah, and so, you know, media we call it. But anyway, then you know, with obviously the rise of automation, you know, kind of the you know, the whole IT wave when when you could replace factory workers with mostly robots and then a few factory workers to oversee and fix the robots when they run into issues, you basically extend the productivity of each, you know, worker that still works in that field. That again freed up people to do other types of work. And I think that this is kind of like that for certain especially certain types of white collar work. They're just very kind of intensive desk type work. In many cases, you can extend
the reach of each person doing that. I mean, an an accountant using AI can do more accounting work than an accountant that's that's not using those types of tools, for example, or an editor. You know, you can get all the the proof reading out of the way with with AI, kind of like super spell check, and then you can the parts it benefit from human judgment can come in, and you can, you know, you can do more books or more articles per unit of time by getting some of the busywork out of the way. You know, to steel-man the concern of the bears on that sense, I think that they would say that there might be some point in the future where technology is so good that there's a certain there's a there's a a bigger share of the population that can't contribute in any economically meaningful way compared to a machine. So, instead of just moving around what people do, so instead of just, you know, getting
people off the farms and into the factories or out of the factories and into the service sector, that that at some point this the combination of either automated tools or robots that say some percent of population that, you know, whatever the percentage is now that's effectively unemployable would be a larger gap. That that I think is is a is a genuine longer-term, you know, social-political concern to be aware of. I I generally think that that point is further out, and it's unclear what that number would look like, you know, when we've run into certain ceilings. There's also the fact that technology's often viewed as kind of linear and smooth, and really it's it's stepwise. An example I I like to use is like human effort at flight. For thousands of years we got nowhere, then, you know, with with like, you know, gases like we you know with with like balloons we got a little bit of flight,
but still really poor. And then when you when you put together like basically oil and aluminum, which it were fairly recent human history, you know, you go from Wright brothers to man on the moon in a human lifetime. But then we kind of hit like a a stall. Like we we kind of hit, you know, like a lot of the the low-hanging fruit was picked, and then you you actually don't get a lot of rapid improvement anymore in most types of commercial aviation, you know, even even more advanced aviation, you know, a lot of the improvements in flight, for example, have been in the electronics of airplanes rather than the physics of how to fly. >> And so like better flight rather than necessarily more types of flight. >> Yeah, incrementally safer flight. Ironically, it's like it's like we don't have the the Concord anymore. You know, it's like we're trying to reinvent the the faster than sound commercial
flight that we once briefly had in a sense. So, we we in some ways we hit hard ceilings. Otherwise other other areas we just got incrementally safer. Ironically, people would say less comfortable in flying than we were maybe decades ago. But, the point is we kind of just the we we put a couple pieces together we were missing. We had a rapid like exponential gain in in that area and then we hit a pretty hard ceiling of what is just possible until we have some other breakthrough maybe. And I think AI can run into that where you put the pieces together, we hit certain critical mass thresholds, and then it's like a handful of years of just absolute takeoff and disruption and new ways of doing things. But, then eventually we hit kind of a either a hard or a soft ceiling where those tools are out there now and and they stop kind of rapidly getting better compared to early phase of going, you know,
to to use the term zero to one. >> From October 9th through 12th, I'm bringing together a group of roughly 40 serious investors and financial professionals along with some special guests and friends like Hugh Hendry and Mike Green, George Gammon, Brent Johnson, and a couple of other ones where we're going to spend four days asking the questions that truly matter. What happens next? Where are the biggest risks being mispriced? Where are the opportunities? [music] What should change our minds? And how should we think about positioning around it? This is not a conference built around speeches. It's a small room built around discussion, some disagreement, and actionable advice. So, if you manage some meaningful capital or you're seriously interested in all of these questions and finding answers to them in a very small intimate setting, apply below. >> Isn't that kind of what happened with the
dot coms, too? You mentioned that earlier. It was a time time difference, right? The dot coms was right on well, mostly right. Mostly right on the nose. I mean, they described the new economy future that we actually live in, but it took a couple, you know, 15 years or so to get there and a lot of it was it hit that sort of technological ceiling or functional ceiling, right? It was in many ways, especially the e-commerce e-commerce needed something like the iPad or the iPhone. Really iPhone which came along that unlocked e-commerce. So, is maybe potentially something there for the AI that, you know, there's some kind of technology or or, you know, evolution or innovation that's waiting down the future that really unlocks the secret of AI because it kind of plateaus out. But then thinking that, you know, taking that a step further into the investment theme, wouldn't that necessarily then present
you again timing difficulties and timing challenges? And wouldn't it be wouldn't it be funny if there is a possibility where, you know, you have all these AI stocks that are zooming way ahead and as you described of say Coca-Cola and say, you know, Walmart, rather than having them crash, they kind of plateau for a while and just kind of hang out and do nothing while they wait for, you know, the adoption cycle to overcome its short-run technological limitations. We really don't get much of a downside from AI at all. It's sort of, you know, as you mentioned this maybe that more typical model is the fundamentals underneath the AI the AI build-out starts to become more and more realistic. And then you have a very different future where we're into, you know, we're past the adoption cycle. We're actually talking more about macroeconomics of AI than we are necessarily investing of AI. >> That that's
really how I view it. I I think that a lot of low-hanging fruits already been picked. I mean, when you go from kind of the semiconductor industry as a whole being worth under 3 trillion to, you know, approaching 20 trillion, you know, like another multiple of that type, obviously that isn't just you you don't just grow out of the sky. You hit a certain percentage of like global GDP or global assets and you just you you can only grow so far so fast. Uh so you start kind of hitting into that wall. And then it just has to show more results. I mean, right now if you look at most macro charts, if someone said, "When did AI take off?" you wouldn't be able to like the dates are removed. You wouldn't be able to point and say, "This is where it happened." Uh you know, it's not really showing up in the in the data. I've seen, you know, the analyst for Bob Elliott has pointed that out multiple times.
He's kind of like he'll show a chart and be like, "You know, where's AI books?" And, you know, there's there's mixed results to the extent that it's showing up in business ROI. Uh like I mentioned the study before that showed that early adopters tend to to take market share from slower adopters. That's that's one pretty extensive study, but other studies are showing, you know, when when they kind of poll companies and say, "You know, have you seen positive ROI for your AI?" It's not how are you using AI, but are you seeing positive ROI. Um you tend to get more mixed results. So far, it's been obviously easier to implement on the individual level because people can use the tools and the process that that benefit them, whereas trying to roll out a system that that, you know, all employees at a company are going to use or all employees >> Is it Is that it? Is just like an experimental phase
where No, but nobody's really sure how to use it yet, right? There's no, you know, manual that you can follow and say, "Okay, this is how we adopt AI." There's no procedures that companies follow. Is it Is it really just on productivity of the experimental phase, right? And and you almost have to be unproductive when you're just kind of throwing everything against the wall. >> Yeah, and I think that's that's the irony. I irony of it cuz people are still doing their jobs while they have the second job of learning AI. Before it actually makes their real job easier. So yeah, in that gap, it seems unproductive because they haven't yet saved time with it, but they have this extra burden. And, you know, there I mean, there are you know, there's ironically there are consulting companies that are at risk of being disrupted by AI, but in the meantime are trying to pivot toward helping other companies
implement AI. So they're trying to solve that problem of like every company having to figure it out on their own to say, "Hey, you know, we we have AI experts and you know, we've helped these 10 businesses and we can help you. You don't have to invent it from scratch." So there there are services like that. You know, at the at I'm a partner at Egodisc Capital, so we do venture type work and one thing we do is we get our our portfolio founders of companies together and we have them talk to each other and say, "Okay, what are you finding success in with your AI implementation in your company? What frictions are you running into?" And another person will say, "Well, okay, here's how we solved those frictions, but you then they they learn something from the other founder and you you know, you get networks of information sharing as we kind of work through what is a pretty disruptive period. And
other than that, I think it's just it's it's trying to invest where the low-hanging fruit is. I mean, one of the ways I've expressed the view that the end user might benefit here is, you know, we started a private equity company where we you know, we're looking to buy kind of low multiple real-world private businesses, but then be able to bring in AI talent to figure out, okay, how can we bring this company from a say a a low adopter to an early adopter and be on the right side of that curve that goes out and takes market share from from others. So, I think that there are opportunities out there, but a lot of it just comes down to basically sharing information that the companies encounter at least in ways that are not harmful for their own types of businesses. >> Okay, let's switch gears here because you mentioned something earlier that I definitely want to talk about and that is the energy
shock. So, set aside AI technology, all that stuff for for a moment here. Let's talk pure economics. And it looks like the energy shock isn't going to go away anytime soon. At least that's my my thoughts. Love to get your thoughts on this as well. So, you got energy prices really, you know, you look at crack spreads, diesel going to be an issue, gasoline prices, we got food that's potentially a problem moving down the road, potentially shortages. Where do you see the energy shock playing out maybe first for the stock or you know, either way you want to take it for the stock market or if you want to talk about macroeconomy and then the effect on the stock markets because it I think the energy shock is going to be here for quite some time. >> Yeah, that you mentioned the I think the key issues which are the crack spreads and diesel really. You know, the early on in this crisis, people were
worried about, you know, the the mythical $200 barrel of oil, right? So, what if what if oil goes 200? And you know, fortunately, that hasn't happened yet. I mean, we're pretty far into this issue and that that hasn't happened. We haven't you know, we haven't even gotten like the the 150 level or anything close. Um but because of the really high crack spreads, you know, they're you gasoline and especially diesel are being priced kind of as though oil is lot higher than it currently is because I you know what right now is the what's proven to be the bottleneck is the refining capacity. As specific the combination of refining capacity, some of it's been outright damaged both in the Middle East and in in Russia. But then also even ones that are not damaged, some of that can't get through the strait, right? Just like the the oil itself can't get through the strait, some of the refined products
can't get through the strait. So both from damage and from physical bottlenecks, the refining capacity right now is the issue. There doesn't seem to be a relief anywhere in sight. Over the Over a long enough time frame, obviously more refiners can be built, pipelines around bottlenecks can be built at great time and cost to do so many cases. You can shift from the sea-seaborne trade to rail and other other ways of doing things that generally are higher cost and more frictions and inefficiencies. So that's we that's how they take the edge off over time. You know, the world's a dynamic system so it adapts to to major bottlenecks, but those are frictions. So where this ends up showing up is obviously diesel used for everything. It's used for trans-transporting everything. So then you end up with higher average inflation than you'd otherwise have because you just have this inbuilt friction that
this you know that that things that would otherwise be benefiting from technological deflation, you know, kind of going down from maybe demographics and other issues. You have all those things that they but then you have an actual, you know, kind of energy bottleneck and refining bottlenecks. You have just higher diesel prices and then companies their margins are squeezed so they have to incrementally raise prices on the consumers for things that have nothing to do with energy, you know, a bag of chips for example, just because getting that bag of chips to to where the consumer picks it up has a cost. And then partially what it contributes to here is the the K-shaped economy or the two-speed economy, there's different names for it, which is especially in the US right now, if you map out where the deficits are going, you know, fiscal deficits, they're going toward the entitlement programs.
It's the generally the the older demographic that that that's wealthier. They're going toward uh know, the medical industry, they're going to defense industry, which means these employees are getting paychecks and their and their contractors are getting paychecks and they're going out and spending it into the economy. It's going into interest expense, which is at least some pockets of that are spendable. So, they go out and and can spend that. I mean, if someone with their money market fund is is earning more than it would be in a in a zero environment, which is it's spendable money. And so, that money's kind of pouring out into the economy. On the other hand, if someone is on the lower end of the income spectrum, if they're looking to buy a home for the first time rather than already having with a 30-year, you know, mortgage locked in, they're facing a combination of still high home prices
with high mortgage rates. So, it's increasing out of reach. They're the ones that get more squeezed by you know, the chips going up in price because of high diesel prices at the store or you know, high beef prices to use a more nutritious example. But, you know, basically across the board kind of prices are are squeezing them. So, both just filling their own car up, but but then with more broadly the price of everything. And so, that that's where you get this kind of K-shaped economy, which I I think unfortunately is probably going to persist for a long period of time. I think the deficits are going to continue roughly going where they're going. I think that obviously, you know, what happens with the Strait of Hormuz is anyone's guess months, you know, out from now, but I think for the most part the K-shaped economy is set to continue. And when you circle that back to investing, it's basically
that you want companies that are on the right side of either fiscal deficit spending one way or another. You know, it sometimes is going directly to those companies, sometimes it's going to consumers who buy those types of things. You know, for example, one of the reasons I've been at least for a while somewhat bullish on travel is because on average older wealthier Americans are receiving a pretty significant part of the deficit. They're the ones with assets, they're the ones with passive income, they're the ones that have the time and and money to travel. So, they're traveling, you know, whereas you know, stocks that are catering to the middle end of the kind of income spectrum are the ones obviously in general facing headwinds. So, I think that case of the economy >> you got to follow the money, right? If we're talking about, you know, this K-shaped economy in macroeconomic terms, so there's
positive flows and negative flows. Like, you know, we tend to think of the economy as sort of like a big average where everybody kind of experiences the average. But, in the, you know, I I think it was Chris Martenson that was in Arizona a couple of weeks ago. He called it the I-shaped economy, which may be a better uh letter to use because people who are up here in the top part of the I are experiencing a very different life than people down here at the bottom part of the I. And so, what you're saying is when you're thinking about investing in the in the portfolio construction, follow the money. There's money up here and there's money not a lot of money down here, so you probably want to be up here and and less exposed down here, right? >> Uh yeah, I think that's exactly it and with with the caveat that valuations matter. So, you want to you want to follow the money, you just want to be
careful about not overpaying for the areas that are consensus or or where money's already going. I mean, there is a, you know, something can be doing well, but still be a bad investment if it's priced at 50 times earnings when it maybe should be priced at 25 times earnings. But, yeah, basically I think that that's the main thing to to be aware of is to buy things where the money's going with a a mind toward, you know, bubble valuations when they when they pop up and try to avoid the the most excessive areas. >> So, is there a potential risk there? Maybe it's not even in the marketplace. This is the thing that concerns me the most. With an I-shaped economy, K-shaped economy, two-speed economy, whatever label you want to put on it, maybe that's not necessarily a threat to the stock market, the macroeconomic climate, because it has enough positive attributes and positive monetary flows and redistribution
where it kind of keeps everything afloat. But, are you concerned that maybe the consequences are beyond the marketplace in the economy itself, first of all, cuz, you know, combine that with AI, as you said before, there's potentially a pool of labor that is unemployable that might be get bigger over time. We already know how hard it is for people in the bottom part of the economy to get a job, primarily younger people to begin with, who have you don't have the ability to start their career, therefore they're not investing in their own uh their own capabilities. They can't buy a house, which means they're not building wealth that way. They don't get the 401K. Are you concerned about the social and political impacts of the K-shaped economy just beyond investing where potentially we go into some pretty darker pretty dark areas? >> I am and I've written about this a handful of times, which is
and often I speak of it more in the in the deficit in the sense that cuz that's a fueling factor for the K-shaped economy. >> Yeah, people don't get that, right? They they think you know that there's a lot of a lot of misconception about the deficit, but the deficit the government spending is making things worse, not actually making things better. >> Yeah, I mean obviously it depends on the country in question where it goes, but yeah, in a general sense at least in the especially in the current US environment, I would say the deficit is fueling the K-shape rather than kind of combating the K-shape. You know, if you were talking about kind of maybe post-World War II spending, that'd be a different environment than than today's spending. But basically that today's spending where it is, for the most part I would say it's fueling the K-shape. And the the the challenge here is when people say,
"Well, when will the deficit or debt matter?" as though as there's like one mythical moment where the US misses a bond auction or something like that. And it's that's not it's more like that slow bleed of basically unrest, populism, and everybody kind of feeling that something's wrong and then not really knowing what the issue is and then depending on where they fall on political spectrum, they point to different things. And you're after the global financial crisis, you got the rise of both Occupy Wall Street on the left and Tea Party on the right. That you know, changed over time. On the right, you got more the MAGA side of things and on the left you get you have more I mean like the now you have Mondani in New York for example. Other things like that. And I do think that you get the kind of a rise of in some cases more collectivist type of ways of doing things, whether it's socialism, communism,
whether it's certain types of fascistic type of kind of tendencies that rise. And I think that's kind of the one of the major risks is that when people perceive that the pie is growing, there's a little bit more of a tendency to be harmonious. When they feel the pie is not growing, um, that's when there's more or issues. And eventually it can threaten rule of law, it can threaten, you know, the the economy itself, it can it can threaten the attractiveness of capital assets uh, in countries where the rule of law is, you know, not that weaker than it was, you know, 10, 20, 30 years ago. And I think that is a longer-term danger to to monitor. And then, uh, obviously anyone who's holding assets has to be worried about risks of, obviously on the extreme end you have something like asset confiscation. On the other hand, you have kind of a, you know, kind of targeted types of wealth taxes that you
have to kind of move around and and you have to you have to pay attention to maybe jurisdiction more than you did 20 years ago. And and so it becomes investing and kind of protecting wealth becomes bigger than just, you know, blank sheet of paper, what does your pie chart portfolio look like? But it's also, you know, what kind of safeguards do you have, where are you deciding to live, where you deciding to, uh, you know, have assets, uh, you know, domiciled and and things like that. >> It's an extreme thing, but it's imminent, right? I mean, that's it's happening in places like California, it's only going to continue. If it passes in California, you're going to see it spread to other places around the world, or other places around the country, not just uh, you know, California. But that's I think that's exactly, you know, the when the pie is not growing, the easiest thing for a politician
to do is say, "Those guys that you don't like over there, they're the reason for it." And so it's very easy for everybody to become polarized because simply the pie is not growing, we all want answers to it. And so then the question becomes, what the hell do we do? How do how do we get out of this mess so that we can move into a situation where the pie is growing? And my own view is I think, you know, these are longer-term cycles and we go through these periods in history, kind of have to wait them out. But, uh, do you see any way for us to at least solve the macroeconomic problem, the macroeconomic part of it, so that we can start growing it? Wouldn't it be funny if AI is the actual answer here? AI kickstarts the economy and suddenly solves the K-shape and that would be the ultimate irony. >> [laughter] >> Yeah, it would. I mean I I think I'm a view that that there's a time-based component
here that that there's very few ways to accelerate it on average that the most likely scenario is it just it takes time to work through this and it takes time to work through a demographic shift, it takes time to work through kind of a debt cycle. People have to often try a lot of wrong answers before they find the right answer. Uh and so you know I can give you know kind of list of policy ideas but I just know ahead of time that they're just not going to be done, they're not going to be Yeah, the the chance to implement them all correctly enough and getting enough political consensus to do that is extremely low, which is why I say nothing stops this train in terms of the fiscal deficits. You know, it's like don't fight kind of momentum. And for AI, I think that I mean the the the kicker there is that on an individual level, I think AI can be a savior in the sense that I mean it makes us
that it's never really been easier to start a business, for example. You have you know the the the the cost of doing so at least for many of these industries is lower than it than it has to. I mean you can do you can there are ways to to you know, get services and stuff like that at lower cost than there were 5, 10, 20 years ago because AI can really extend the reach of one person or a small team. >> Well, AI can be a small team, right? It's not just You know, as a business owner, you've got an entire you know, suite of AI bots at your fingertips. >> Exactly. That's the Yeah, that's what I mean is that you all these tools extend what what each kind of living, breathing person can do because you have all these all agents and and ways of organizing things and doing things. And so it becomes not just you know, who has the assets and connections to build a startup business but also just who who
has acquired the know-how and the ability to use these tools efficiently versus who is either just technically unable to use them properly or culturally resisting using them because they they they believe they're bad for one one or more reasons, environmental or you know, whatever whatever kind of might be causing that. And then you get a divide in terms of of kind of early AI users versus slow like stage AI users more so than than just other things. And so I do think that at least on the individual level, AI can be a powerful tool. Uh and you know, I in general any sort of any anything that's good for productivity, while not obviously not uniform because there are winners and losers like we talked about, but in in general anything that that kind of adds net productivity to society for the most part should benefit society. Anything that reduces productivity like wars or bottlenecks and their
destruction of existing facilities that that would reduce the deficits. Yeah, and that'll detract from, you know, societal benefit. And and so that's kind of the the challenge is that we have this new productivity unlock. We don't yet know quite how big it is. Obviously, you know, the bulls will say it's huge, bears will say it's all an illusion. Most most answers are being somewhere in the middle that, you know, I'm I'm quite bullish on it, but it's not magic. And but either way there's some unlock here. The question is how unevenly will it be distributed in terms of, you know, who it helps and hurts, 5 10 years from now, and what impact will have on the economy. But I think that we have ways of looking at this. We can look at, you know, what what did manufacturing of all of automation of manufacturing facilities do for the economy? What did it do for workers? What did it do for this? You
know, we we saw what globalization did. Obviously, both pros and cons. We saw what, you know, bringing hydrocarbons to agriculture did. You know, we have kind of historical analogs. None of them are perfect, but we do have analogs what happens when you have a technology unlock that is not evenly distributed in terms of of users or where it happens or who it affects. But I think we're in another era like that. >> I think, you know, I'm more positive than I maybe most people are. I'm not not, you know, hyper positive, not, you know, singularity type of Elon Musk type of talk here, but I think that solves a lot of the issues. You know, you have so much so much economic power and economic activity that's concentrated in the top. That's where a lot of the stagnation's coming from. You know, economic growth, historically speaking, is small businesses that become medium-sized businesses have become
large businesses, and we just don't have that type of formation. I think you just I think you nailed it, Lynn, that when you said that AI unlocks the ability for people to start businesses, and the real disruption is there. The ability to to introduce some badly needed competition into a lot of areas we wouldn't even imagine just yet. If people can imagine it, create a business, a small business that challenges the existing orthodoxy, suddenly you get a whole lot of economic potential, you pile on productivity. You can see a wave of prosperity in the future where not only are the benefits at least somewhat shared. Maybe we go to a four-day week work week, a three-day work week. We've got lots of business There is definitely a positive way forward here. But, I do want to ask you We can continue to talk about AI and, you know, long-term macroeconomic trends, but I do want to ask you before
we go here, your thoughts on Bitcoin. Are we seeing another kind of head fake in Bitcoin? Is there another leg lower there? Because I would kind of hope that there is a leg lower. I really want to buy Bitcoin around 20,000 per coin. But, what do you see as far as Bitcoin? Has it Has it been Has it endured enough of a winter that consolidation We're getting more signs of buyers entering the marketplace. So, what's going on there? >> Yeah, good question. So, my my guess, and I don't know, is my guess is that the bottom's in. The way that I've been phrasing it before this recent jump from, you know, the the lower 60s all the way up to the the upper 70s, is that I was hesitant to try to I don't find a lot of value trying to call a precise bottom. It's more like trying to figure out are you in a bottoming range or the opposite? And so, for example, when it was in the lower 60s for a while after
it kind of hit that capitulation back in February, my base case was the bottom is kind of roughly in. Uh we ended up getting slight invalidation. We we we, you know, went down to kind of the 58K level briefly, but not way lower. And so, my view was, look, okay, we got a slightly lower low. I still think, roughly speaking, we're in kind of a bottoming range. I would be kind of the level that I would find truly surprising would be if we do break kind of below the 50K level on a sustained basis. I think kind of the the the 50s and in lower 60s or there's a lot of support there in terms of we look at on-chain indicators. We basically have a somewhat of a different set of indicators for for Bitcoin than just stocks, for example. We have all this all the normal charts that people look at, but then we have on-chain data and you can see things like, you know, at what price levels did a ton of coins
change hands? Not just on exchanges, but literally just physically, you know, go from address to address. And there's a lot of support in that kind of the the 50s and and the low 60s. I I think that the MicroStrategy issue's been taken off the table for a period of time. There's a period there where they had, say, six months of dollar reserves and and, you know, otherwise, uh, you might be start selling a lot of Bitcoin to fund their liabilities. Now they've kind of front-loaded that. So, they already kind of diluted. They already, uh, sold some coins. And now they have, you know, a two and a half year plus dollar reserve to cover all of their, you know, preferred dividends, you know, for two and a half years, even if they never sell another coin. So, I think a a lot of that kind of overhang has been, at least, for for, you know, this this this calendar year next calendar year kind of taken
off the table, uh, as kind of force sellers. And so, I think actually the Bitcoin place is in a pretty decent, um, trajectory here. I'm not one of those people that thinks, you know, two months from now we're at all-time highs, you know, it's kind of the the periwinkles. Uh, I think it could take time. I think we could, you know, we could go back down to the 60s and chop for for a period of time. But in general, I do think that the the 60s and 70s are in accumulation zone. That if someone is bullish on the asset, that looking back two or three years from now, this is probably a good entry point. But, you know, it it's, you know, I I I think that it's I think it's a a more mature asset now. It's more liquid asset now. Yeah, I think this drawdown was smaller than prior cycle drawdowns, but that was after the fact that the the bull market was smaller than than prior bull markets. And I think
that's probably the trend to expect now that, you know, we have ETFs in the market. We have treasury companies in the market. It's in general just a larger, more liquid market. And so, I I my current view is I'm I'm kind of structurally bearish on a lot of several parts of the digital asset space. I think a lot of that ran its course and it was kind of a zero rate phenomenon. Uh but I do think that Bitcoin and I do think that stable coins still have a long runway of growth ahead. It was obviously Bitcoin being the more investable volatile part of that and stable coins being, you know, there there are some ways to invest but for the most part that's more of a macro story, I think. Whereas Bitcoin is more of an investor story. >> So if Bitcoin is a more mature market, maybe it doesn't have as much beta and therefore that actually would help out a lot because beta is one of the biggest drawdowns
to it or biggest uh drawbacks to it. So wouldn't that be funny, too? Well, Lynn, I really appreciate your time uh taking time to talk about it, you know, so much here with the stock market, AI. We we kind of hit a lot of topics. Uh really appreciate everything that you all the insights that you shared. I was going to say, you know, in this part of the interview I would say, you know, where Lynn, where can everybody find you? But if you don't know where to find Lynn Alden, I can't help you out. It's very easy to find. Just Google Lynn Alden, you'll find her. Tremendous amount of insight and research. Uh so again, thank you for your time and stopping by for here at Eurodel University. >> I appreciate that. Thank you for having me on. >> Take care, Lynn. One thing I really care about with Eurodel University Live is not the speakers. I mean, we like the speakers. [music] But what we really care
about is the people who are in that room. And especially the people who are sitting next to you as much as who might be speaking at any given time. There are only going to be 40 people there and I want them to be people who are managing real capital, running real businesses, making real investment decisions, and who actually have something to contribute to the conversation. [music] Because over four days, a lot of the value isn't going to come from me standing up and talking and doing PowerPoint presentations. [music] It's going to come over intimate dinners, in the small groups, in the questions that somebody asked that you hadn't thought of, or meeting somebody who looks at the same problem [music] completely differently than you do, and might actually come to similar conclusions. That's why we're not just putting out a checkout page. We're talking to everyone before they come in. We want
to build a room where you can sit down next to anyone who's there and know that you're going to have a conversation that's worth having. If that sounds like the kind of room you want to be a part of, apply below.