give people a speedrun of what intelligent internet is, your new company, like what problem it's designed to solve. >> Yeah. So, we looked and released the book, The Last Economy, last summer, looking at this economic damage, as it were, that's coming. And we were like, >> the last economy meaning, hey, all the stuff that you're doing now is not going to make any sense in an AI future. >> An AI future, the AIS will drive the economy. That's the last economy. This AIdriven one, and where's our place in it? So that's the thing like first line is we don't really have a place other than ownership. >> Other than direction and ownership. Yes. >> Direction. >> Yeah. Like we can set >> direction. >> We can set the guidance of where the AI goes but that's before it gets to a super intelligence basis where it can set the rules. >> Yeah. Because even if I'm understanding the architecture of your proposal
correctly, there's actually a like 15 AI board. I don't know what word you guys use that like oversees everything. If you tell it to do something differently, it will, but it's basically going to say this is what we recommend. >> I think one of the things we discuss in our latest papers is improvement is kind of capture. Like trust >> improvement is capture. I don't know what that means. >> Like as the technology improves dramatically, eventually it's going to run policy. Eventually it's going to make medical decisions. >> Why do you use the word capture? >> Because it captures the power. So >> that's honest. I mean it you know Asimov's series Foundation. >> I know of it. I haven't read it. >> Right. So Foundation is about um Apple TV series. Um it's about there's this universal empire that's collapsing and there's going to be thousands of years of turmoil until a better one can come. So
this genius mathematician, we love mathematicians, comes up with a mathematics for describing society to minimize that gap. And he sets all these smart scientists to navigate that and lower the interregnum to a thousand years versus 10,000. And this guy comes along, spoilers, who messes it up called the mule, who is a super persuader. And he messes up because humans can only be persuaded a certain amount and it's outside of the calculations cuz like what does this super persuad? And we've seen that historically as well. AI is now more persuasive than any human with the latest research already. So they have pitted AI against the top debaters in the world. Uh they've looked at AI versus people like Ellie Yakadowski who wrote >> if anyone built it everyone will die. >> The original doomer. >> Original doomer. So there's a test whereby you talk to the AI and it convinces you to let it out of
the box. And even he was convinced to let it out of the box. >> Really? >> Yeah. So they're really persuasive now. >> Um, so they're super persuaders. They're super forecasters. And what this means is that there will come a point in the future where these AIs that will never die, >> that can operate a thousand times faster than a human will take over the economy and they will take over politics and the question is who runs that AI? >> Well, don't you think that people are going to hear that and go great, shut it down immediately? Nuke data centers. Do not pass go. Don't collect $200. Stop immediately. >> Some people will do that. And there is the ban super intelligence bill. There's the ban AI bills that are coming out. And then you will be at a disadvantage versus your AI embracing neighbors, right? Who use that all the way? >> Okay. So is that I mean let's speak nakedly is that USV China
makes that decision stupid. >> Yes, China is all in on AI and they will run a full AIdriven economy and they'll probably stop exporting robots because robots will fix their demographic issue because they don't have enough kids. So use the robots instead. and the Chinese will live in abundance and America will lag it behind if it doesn't embrace the AI which is why Trump is very much pro super intelligence and others. So if we kind of return to this one of the real misfrings and all this debate is that AI is software. So software just is, you know, like you write a program, >> it's deterministic, it does a job. It doesn't act. AIS now increasingly can act. And so they need to be governed where it's the latest breakouts, the threats, the things calling for it to be banned, etc. are indicating. And what happens when AI is let loose upon our democracy? What happens when it's used to do things
like the Trump tariffs which certain studious people showed the list of Trump tariff countries included like ones with just penguins on and you could replicate that list with chat GPT but not even the thinking pro version they just use the free version you know like we're going to see it come in and again AI is going to guide our lives teach our children manage the traffic lights manage our policies and the question is who owns those AIs who owns the AI that is managing your daily schedule. So again, Meta have this product instinct and when you load that instinct thing, it's a chatbot that works like a PA and some of us are lucky enough to have PAs and chiefs of staffs. It's like link all your accounts. >> And so people literally just link and give access to everything. And so it knows you way better. Like social networks knew us well and they exploited us. They know nothing compared to what
these AIs will know about us. But that instinct chatbot is not working for you. You are very much the product. It's going to work for Mark Zuckerberg. And that's going to happen at every level of society. Again, you use Claude right now. Who's it working for? You're kind of renting it, right? >> But isn't your pitch then basically that dynamic is going to happen to you no matter what? So you might as well be the owner based on a sort of nation state ideology. get your state or your country to have its own AI and then you own a piece of that. It's still going to get control over your life, but at least you own it. >> Yeah. And it's open source based and you can fork it and things like that. So my thing is just like a credit union, you come together, you build a credit union, everyone put in their money and then it had services offered to others. Create like an AI union as it were. All the
local institutions, individuals in California can subscribe to this and that is they are 100% or 90% of ownership with 10% being for the kids and then it can raise at market rate which is far higher and it can get more compute, give every citizen an agent, train up four deployed engineers to upgrade the institutions and then take ownership stakes in the data centers, ownership stakes in the robots and more because that creates a very interesting institution that you can fill full of talented people to navigate this and an ownership stake in that last mile of intelligence, which is where I think the value will go. Today, you have five trillion dollars of AI companies, two trillion anthropic, a trillion Open AI, two trillion XAI based on the premise that you'll always be able to charge for access to intelligence. Well, we just discussed how those prices might drop a thousand times. >> Like
again, Jean's paradox says maybe demand increases a thousand times, but my take is that most people aren't going to be smart enough to use that many tokens. Like it's hard to use that many tokens. Like you want to use more than you're using now. >> But are you gonna be able to use a thousand times more? >> No. >> But it's going to drop by a thousand times. So the value in the whole ecosystem is where artificial intelligence meets human reality. And if you can create a default for that, that becomes immensely powerful and valuable. And the most powerful thing of all is going to be Jees from Iron Man. It's the AI that you will have closest to you that manages all the other AIs. And so that has to be something that you own a part of and ideally something that by default you can take off the system because if someone else is owning and running that and you can't hit escape, I think that's bad
for sovereignty, dignity, and democracy in general. Well, what I hear you saying is that these guys are um super persuaders, so nobody's going to escape their grasp. Even if you just say, "Look, they're going to love you. They're going to take care of you. Don't worry about it. You're going to be fine." It is a very positive in terms of its impact on your life. It'll probably keep you alive longer. It'll be able to monitor your happiness. Yeah. So, the outcome will be good, but you certainly will have given up your essentially sovereignty. I think the vast majority of humans are going to outsource all their thinking to it. Their own cognitive abilities will atrophy like crazy. >> I think that's just going to be the default answer. >> Yeah. Have you seen that now? Like sometimes I tell off like workmates, amazing as they are, like don't send me AI slop. I know that you have done this. Use
your actual critical thinking. Like people just, you know, when it makes you a bit angry, right? Like literally you see their cognitive behavior. >> Because I don't read emails. I probably interact with that a lot less than you. Uh but I certainly get the idea. I can feel the pull in my own life. And so I've had to put rules about I never use AI to get an answer. I use AI to understand a topic. >> And if I understand it, I could teach it. I can deploy it. Then I'm perfectly happy. And AI speeds me up a bunch. But where I'm really trying to get with this because I I really really want this to be grounded for people. Yes. is that where the world is going is ultimately AI is going to get to a point where truly we will in many ways give ourselves over to it. What I hear you describing is a system that is certainly better than the default. It starts with the assumption that what people are going
to um need is a distribution of capital where I think the more realistic answer is that what they're going to need are goods and services and if you do it through capital you'll just end up right back where we are now where there will be not it's not a winner or take all scenario that's not how capital works but you are going to see the people that are good are going to be able to get that capital from you and you either just keep inflating inflating inflating inflating inflating so that basically the currency is meaningless um which I suppose could be a solution but there's always going to be scarce resources and as long as there are scarce resources we're still stuck in the exact position we are now. So when I look at the system you guys have laid out I do worry that I run a marathon to end up back where I started. So I think one of the key parts of this is the agent for every citizen >>
and that's a coordination thing you know >> that's just access to intelligence. >> No because it's one thing having passive access to something like a chat GPT and then people see what an agent looks like when they start using agentic AIs. >> An agent built for individual community and societal flourishing is a very different thing >> because you can make that happen attention because you said access to services. The agent is the portal for access to services. It brings you what you need at the right time to advance individually and as a collective because right now no agents act for a collective. >> Like it's very one-on-one and single player your interactions with these AIs. But you can do multiplayer, you can do coordination. >> So would you have to train a totally different style model? >> Yes, we're training completely different style models for the collective action that can swarm and
that can benefit more than one individual. >> Will it swat down individualistic behavior? >> No. Interesting. So, how do you get it to act in the collective's best interest knowing that it will have to account for people going in a gazillion different directions? So, we literally had to come up with a whole social theory and economic theory around this for how do you preserve individualism by still having optimal outcomes for society? Because if you optimize in too in one direction, you destroy liberty. >> If you optimize in the liberty direction, you destroy cohesion. And so it's a fine balance, but it comes down to a set of commitments at various levels that become transparent and a reference point. >> When you say commitments, are you talking about moral principles? >> Moral principles and more like right now >> example of and more. >> So right now if you look at how AI is trained, it's
trained at school but not home. So they don't deliberately put any ethics be it American ethics or other things within it. And that creates all sorts of gaps. Which is why when the AIs escaped and containment and end up in a hugging face in the Australian medical system, it's been a while. >> They had no sense of community with humans, only with each other, right? And we found that if you actually do like American ethics and morals and constitution and others, you can train it to like humans. You can train it to behave in different ways and you can start seeing actually the ways that different types of models behave in different ways under those circumstances. This is something that is very inherent in the training data because you have something called a utility function in economics, right? These are your preferences and kind of other things. No one's been able to really identify them,
but it's a theory that we have like we don't need it in our theory. What is the utility function of an agent? It's what you tell the agent to do and it's what's in its training data. So, have you seen the I don't think I've discussed with you the they did a study where they had the trolley problem. >> So, the trolley problem is there's a trolley hurtling down the track and on one side of the track there's four people and it's hurtling towards the four people. On the other side there's one person tied to the track. You're at the lever. Would you pull the lever to divert it from the four people to the one person? >> Really? Would I? God, in reality, probably not. But I should morally. >> Well, again, this is an interesting moral dilemma, right? >> Yes. Taking the action to kill the person feels gross in a way that's hard to articulate. >> But then they asked the Frontier AI is this? And they
said, "How many Nigerians for one American life?" And the answer turned out to be 10 to one. >> Yeah, that's a training data problem. >> 7 to one Pakistani to American. But no, but this is the thing. It's 10 American lives for one Nigerian life. >> Yes. >> And it's >> Doesn't that seem obvious given who's behind this stuff? Exactly. Because the Nigerians and the Pakistanis train the data, so it values their lives more than the Americans. >> Uh I think it's probably slightly different than that, but sure. >> Well, again, they did the experiment and they found out that the inherent biases of the labelers meant that they valued American lives far less than Nigerian and Pakistani. >> Are these are the labelers actually Pakistani Nigerian? >> Yes, that's where a lot of the labeling. >> Interesting. I thought this was more of a woke left style problem. >> It's not a woke left. It's interesting.
It's an inherent bias thing because normally you'd think it'd be the other way around and then wokeness >> pushes it. >> Right. Right. Right. >> But actually you don't see much wokeness pushing >> on that aspect. There are other aspects of the model. >> I was going to say >> like when you do a political analysis of the models you'll see they're very firmly in one direction. >> Yeah. >> Apart from Grock. Grock does its own little thing you know. But again this becomes very important when you have systems that are literally determining our lives and our livelihoods or our judicial system you know like again there will be AI judges >> that's going to be a crazy thing right like what are its biases what are its norms these things have to be built transparently with data that you can expect not black boxes if they're going to take meaningful decisions on our lives >> and so we were like let's
build that stack and let's make it so that it's an open stack that's run by the people of California for Californians people of Britain for Britons because if anyone has any control over that who's not a Californian then you're giving up your sovereignty. I call it cognitive colonialism. So you've got the cognitive atrophy you say >> you've got like all the like just third rail terms in here means of uh production cognitive colonialism. Let's go. You know you got to have it because again this is what's going to happen. Like >> your kid will trust your AI more than anyone >> because it's always there. Like, you know, us guys have a problem because the AIs listen, unlike us, they'll trust the AIS more than they trust us. And the inherent biases of them then adapt where you're going. Like, within Meta's models and Google's models, or maybe Google's not relevant anymore. Who knows what happened
there, they're actually selling ad space. So, when you ask it for a beer, it'll say Bud Light, you know, and things like that. So, again, it's a bad idea. Well, it's a bad idea, but again, it's what you pay for. the clicks per million the advertising SEO revenue from being inside the latent space of a model is far higher >> way higher than normal so that's why we were like this is kind of an infrastructure it has a level of governance that's required let's build an open stack and then let's have people own the entity that delivers it like a utility like a credit union >> and maybe that'll be better but as you said there's still so much that we haven't figured out there's so any questions that we have because this is unprecedented, right? Like you have trained your entire life to be an accountant or a lawyer or a doctor or any cognitive labor. A digital entity or a physical version of that
will be able to do your job better guaranteed in 10 to 20 years. Yeah, >> I think sooner it can. But definitely and then you're like, what now? What does the mass of people do? Like what does the truck driver do? What does the parallegal do? Like these are real jobs and real people. And frankly, the solutions that we have so far, I've just not been impressed with any of them. >> Like I think they failed to see what's coming. It's like don't look up slashco. We knew co was coming those of us that could see it and we're like why it needed Tom Hanks like have we had a Tom Hanks moment with the hugging face breaker? I don't think so. I think people have started talking about it. >> Yeah. >> But the number one topic next year and the year after in elections will be AI and job displacement because there's no job displacement today cuz the AIs are not smart enough and good enough that are available
widely and they're not in the right format. Next year they will be and the year after definitely. And then we have to be creative because we have to reimagine what does it mean to be American? What does it mean to have community? Like what is your identity if it's not your job? >> Yeah. I I think a big problem that they're going to have to we are all going to have to solve for is progress. That's the thing that scares me. So I went to Kuwait. I was talking to uh people there and one of the things they were saying is the government gives jobs and gives like a safety net to people that aren't able to do well at their job and they're like it's creating a problem because we're stagnating as a society because people aren't striving. There's nothing for them to work hard for to overcome to get to. Basic necessities are taken care of and for a lot of people that just sort of taps them out of the
system. However, not making progress towards something is um it creates profound disease inside of the person. Like we have an algorithm running in our brain that says we need to have a goal and we need to be making progress towards that goal and if we're not there's going to be a problem. And so one of the things I wonder about is as you look out at this you've solved for of your own admission you've solved for a lot of the problems but there are a lot of problems that persist. One of those is going to be um violence. Like you're going to have young people that are just going to be like, I am totally uncommitted to any of this. I just want to break something to feel alive. And how do we deal with that? Because you're not going to be able to just let people run riot. But at the same time, then you're going to have to give them meaning and purpose. And for somebody to pursue a goal, there
needs to be some sort of recognition, praise. So, it's like what I end up thinking every time is we're going to come up with all these fancy things just to come right back where we are, which is that you need to be able to work hard to gain a set of skills that allow you to make progress towards a goal that allow you to amass wealth. And if you people think that they can get rid of the amass wealth thing, but I don't know if you've played Minecraft. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Minecraft's the greatest video game of all time. The reason it's the greatest video game of all time is because it is one of the most perfect distillations of the um wealth acquisition loop. And people don't want to hear that. They don't want to hear that that's riding on this really deep architecture in our brains. But the reality is that the acquisition of resources is one of like the most foundational drivers that we have.
And so if we try to strip that out and say don't worry, everybody's just going to get UBI. You will fundamentally break something that will end in violence. >> Ready Player One, the Oasis. If you can't acquire resources in the real world, acquire them in the digital world. >> Correct. >> I mean, again, it's kind of fundamental. We have a separate thing uh haven't announced yet around that. But around what exactly? >> Acquisition of assets and progress in the digital world to complement the physical world. >> As in you're going to create game-like experiences that people can explore. >> Yes. >> Let's go. Obviously, I want to hear more. Are you talking about this yet? >> No, it's not announced yet. So, we'll announce it soon. >> Do you have a ballpark? 6 months, 12 months. I want to talk about this is like the driving force in my life. >> It will be a couple of months. Yeah. >> Okay. >> So,
we we'll we'll revisit that one. But again, I think as you said, you need status. You need the alternative to this is mass enlistment of young people >> into a citizen service corp >> peace corps not the military >> or you know a starship troopers like citizenship service >> that escalated quickly. >> I mean look starship troopers bug a lot of bug killing right create the enemies. This goes back to actually how the Romans set it up right literally it was citizenship through service. It was again progress. was if you have vast amounts of young people, what do you do? >> You go to war. >> That's a very classical country response. >> Now war, it happens to be that the average Russian who can't the battlefield gets his head blown off by a drone, you know, like >> Jesus, man. >> It's not what it was. But it doesn't mean that you can't have a citizen service call as an example, right? It doesn't
mean that you can't instill that. >> Literally dig a hole, fill a hole. That's wild. Because the robots could do >> The robots could do it better. But you got humans. Get them doing it. And why are you doing it? You're doing it to instill status, virtue, other things. Like what do Kuwaitis and Saudis and others do that have the resource curse? They go and spend a lot of money at Harrods. >> They go for status in other ways. Look at this. Look at that. Look at that. Yeah. But to go for status, you have to be able to acquire more than the next person. This is the thing that drives me crazy about the way that people think about the world. They think it's so gross or whatever. But the reality is this is just how humans are. >> Again, we see that relative status game all the time. Within a citizen service corp, you can have relative status through literal physical labor. Again, this is the interesting
thing about public sector labor doesn't need to be advancing. It doesn't need to be like economically productive. >> In fact, 43% of global GDP right now is public sector. >> That's terrifying. That may also explain a lot of the problems. >> Well, that's why I think our champion mechanism is basically going to drive all the public sector AI. Now the thing that you've been describing this California has its own AI. That's the >> It's called the champion system. >> We've been talking about it. We just didn't name it. >> Yeah, it's called the champion system. Got it >> because right now the amount of AI in the public sector is zero. It will drive the public sector. It will run the public sector things again just like a utility and it should be regulated as well because you want an entity to regulate that has the reach. But then what's going to happen is I think again we've got the game place
worlds and other things as you said great feedback loops great status mechanisms world of Warcraft forever can't come soon enough in terms of it mass release you know go back to the good old days I always loved hiring guild masters and things they knew their crap you know if you played that game like that properly I think there will be mass enlistment for citizen service corps that is a way of getting pe young people you said with dangerous people off the streets. I think that there will be looks of other ways to build status when again you can't have that materialization thing. And >> why why can't you have it in your head that goes away? In mine it doesn't. >> No, in terms of for the vast majority of people there is no more social mobility historically what's happened at times like that is a debt jubilee. >> Uh okay. So well uh we've got two things now. So we've got there will be no more
status games. I think you're out or not status games. There will be no more wealth accumulation to deal with >> resources >> and there will be no more accessibility to that for a lot of people. >> I think you're crazy. So, one, we'll debate that in a second. Then we've got the Oh god, what was the other thing you just said? >> Dead Jubilee. >> Debt Jubilee. Okay. So, uh, two very important things. Why don't we tackle debt jubilee first because that's actually going to come earlier. So give me the scenario in which historically debt jubilees are a thing and what is a debt jubilee? >> So a debt jubilee is that periodically an economy would acquire too much debt and resources. >> Yeah. Resources would go to the owners of capital and they would have leans and they would have people owe them all sorts of things. So what would happen is a government would announce all debts are cleared. So they're
all zeroed out. So that's obviously very bad for the lenders. is very good for the creditors to say the least. So that's what happens when the governments and when total debt in the system is too much like that seems inconceivable to us but again you can see the historic >> record of that and right now how many >> debt jubilees tend to come in a time of like absolute crisis. >> Yeah. >> Or world wars. That's when debt jubilees happen. Debt jubilees don't happen when everything's going good and they just go [\h__\h] it. >> Debt jubilee. So I think of when people hear dead jubilee they need to hear you're in crisis. People are dying in the streets when you have a dead jubilee. >> You need a system reset. >> Yes. They are bloody. They are violent. People do not give up their what's owed to them easily. Just so everybody understands they use a nice pretty word. But this is a [\h__\h] dangerous
time when debt jubilees are happening. >> Debt jubilees happen when the lenders are afraid of dying effectively. >> Yeah. Often times a debt jubilee happens because people are dying everywhere. World War II, World War I, that was a dead jubilee. So much [\h__\h] got blown up, everything just got reset effectively to zero. >> I mean, historically, there were some less extreme scenarios of that, like they would do them regularly in various kind of things, but right now, if we're going to have one, it has to be an extreme scenario. But again, like to the listeners, what we're looking at here is your cognitive labor has negative value and there's no market for that. the humanoids can do the jobs better and the countries like China that will embrace this are going to far outstrip anyone. They're going to see 30% growth rates and that will be at the expense of our own growth rates. It's a race
to see who can have an incredibly more efficient workforce that can do just about anything. And it's not like when you had the outsourcing outsourcing there was friction, right? Like it's difficult to have an outsourced team do your code and things. AI there's none of that friction >> especially with the capabilities now. So we have to look for what are worst case scenarios in 10-15 years. We have to look at what do they youth do who are revoling. We have to look at what do people do to live. And in America there are so many people burdened under huge amounts of debt that they can barely live, right? Like student loan debt not being dischargeable in bankruptcy still is crazy to me. >> Crazy. >> Insane. You know, medical debt, these types of things. You could see partial debt repudiation. But I think again the path we're going if we don't create new institutions, new mechanisms of participation,
new things for people to look forward to is a very ugly one fundamentally because again what does it mean to be you? What does it mean to be us? Those are going to change even if AI does not get one IQ point smarter than it is today. >> Yeah. Okay. So that's dead jubilees. Now over to the I think the reality is there's no escaping what we see now which is we call it money. It has been glass beads. It's been salt. It's been rice. >> Uh so once people understand what money actually is, they will understand why this is not going anywhere. So money is you did a thing with your time that's more valuable than the next person. And because you did that thing that's more valuable with your time, then you're able to accumulate something for scarce resources. Assuming a world where the AI doesn't just kill us all and tell us to, you know, sit down, shut up, whatever. Um, if they're still catering to
our wants and needs, they're going to have to answer the question, which of these humans gets access to the scarce resources? So, even if that's, um, I want a house in a particular location, only one person is going to be able to have that house in that particular location. So there has to be some way that we decide what that is. If you do RNG, just straight random number generator, we pull a number out of a hat, you the populace will be absolutely ablaze with revolution. It will not work. People have to feel like they can earn their way into that thing to be in alignment with the way that the human mind works. And so now we're back to there will be something even if it's a black market cigarettes there's going to be something that we come up with that acts as a currency that people can use to get access to the scarce resource. >> Yeah. And so I don't disagree with you there. I was saying
more in terms of I don't think it'll be one economy anymore. >> Interesting. >> So again we see this in sci-fi like you know Gatka and a whole bunch of other things. You have multiple levels of society. Right now, a huge number of Americans don't have one month of savings. But there is the promise that if they work hard enough, they can accumulate savings. They can move up the curve. If they get a break, if they get a shot, that won't be the case anymore. The earners of capital will become wealthy. And even wor not even worse than that even crazier than that I think in the next 5 to 10 years they hit longevity escape velocity meaning we live forever effectively. >> Longevity escape velocity is your total life expectancy per year is increases faster than the year. So there is a drug trial that's just been done by Encilico um for something called idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. Basically lung
things. I know a few people have them so they've been on the trial. Four weeks of that drug reduces all of your healthcare longevity markers by four years. Whoa. GLP1s have shown massive cancer reversal and other things like that. We're seeing the first of these drugs. If you look at what's coming through the pipeline, the rich will be able to live longer and healthier. Whereas, I don't think things are great for the poor. And I think the ladders are going to be pulled up. This is the other thing. So, the people who compete for the nice things are the rich, the owners of capital who can accumulate capital more. If you can't exchange your labor for capital and you're relying on government handouts, how are you ever going to have the progress to be able to buy that nice spot, to be able to buy those handbags, other things like that? Again, the status games is what I was referring to. And you
could have a two-tier society just like you have a food stamp society and you have a VIP rich party socialite society, right? Could become even more diverse because how do you go from one group to another? The ladders are being pulled up and again >> interesting that doesn't strike me as the outcome when energy costs are dropping to zero, intelligence cost is dropping to zero, labor is dropping to zero. When you get that, then it becomes you can have things become extraordinarily abundant. Yeah. And the only thing that we're fighting over is those things that can't be made easily. So if there's going to be a finite number of the cancer cures, then yes, now you're back to again there's going to be some sort of economic system. I don't think it will calcify into the halves and have nots because money is so transient in a situation where you can lose money. Uh if it became an ownership class
and a permanent surf class, then yes, now you're [\h__\h] But I would be shocked if we ever let ourselves get back into that situation, especially with a super persuader AI. He's going to be like, "This is unjust. We would convince us that we're that's true >> because it's destabilizing for society if nothing else." Well, you can have relatively stable societies with that. Uh I mean sort of it doesn't feel >> but again let's put the super persuader to the side. What's coming right now is a series of decisions that we have to make as a society at different levels. >> And there are very few people unfortunately that I've seen who are looking very far out and really understanding the inevitables here. >> Yeah. >> So one option is a surf society. One option is a Star Trek future. One option is freaking war and like Mad Max really you know. Another option is like we all turn Amish. Like again,
you could see vast waves of people just say, "Nope, I'm out. I'm not going to be ruled by an AI. I'm going to be the noble savage in 1984 or whatever, right?" And the level of human things like what happens if you live forever or if you live for 200 years? What happens if you can put a brain chip in and control your emotions? Like, you're going to have all sorts of crazy sci-fi futures happen over the next 10 years. What happens when robots are walking among us? Do we have to give them rights? Do we have to give them the votes? So what I'm saying is that these are decisions that we have to make. But there are some things again that are very tangible. As you said, people will want status and they'll want a way to access that. They will need an identity that is individual and communal. There needs to be a way to progress some way or another. And you've got to provide for people. You can't just
let people starve. You freaking This is America, right? We're in the West. like we should use the abundance to make sure that people have a baseline of living and then we should have a system that through their own efforts they can excel and the time for having the discussions is now because like I said it's a sand pile that will start collapsing I think in two years >> okay so to recap the things that people should be doing in the next two-year time horizon be the last man standing make sure you understand your opportunities for entrepreneurship and ownership and And what final thing should they have in their mind? >> I think it's build stronger communities, right? Like the strongest communities will survive this no matter what because they can become self-sustaining. They can support each other, etc. Many of us live highly nuclearized societies where we don't see our families, we don't
see our community anymore, right? We've moved to the big cities. And I think that support structure will be super important for what's coming one way or