And this is where I'm a Bitcoin maxi in the very long term. Woo! No, no, no. I believe if you want to, let's let me rephrase it. I want an asset that will be growing in value for the next 30 years. The only one I can say in my brain with certainty for the next 30 years, not the next five, not the next three, that I believe is Bitcoin. That's it. All right, guys. Today we have an excellent conversation with Jordy Visser. In this one, we go through what's going on in AI. Why all of a sudden when interest rates were raised, why did Bitcoin, stocks, all this stuff not crash? what is going on in the US economy? Why does Jordy think that Bitcoin's going higher? Other cryptos are going higher. How does he think about all of the agent swarms and issues that are coming out of the AI industry? And then Jordy just gives it to us straight exactly where he thinks value is going to acrue over the next
couple of years. What he's excited about, what he's not excited about, and how it could impact your portfolio. This one is excellent. Here's my latest conversation with Jordy Visser. All right, Jordy. Bitcoin has held pretty steady. Actually, it's up a little bit since the Fed decided to raise interest rates. Stock market is well pretty much flat. AI indexes, they're up. I think that people are a little offsides or shaken that if the Fed increases interest rates, aren't these assets all supposed to go down? What's going on here? I think you can take it back further. Let's say June 30th. What's happened since June 30th? That was the end of Q2. Stocks are unchanged, both NASDAQ and S&P. Oil's a lot higher. I don't know if you've heard, but oil is going to take down the world. Tenure rates, they're up a lot. I don't know if you heard this. They're up a lot. Whole systems going to crack. Situational
awareness happened in July. AI bubbles unwound. Everything's going to crash. We're in a 1998. We're in a 2009, whatever you want. We get out of July. And then what happens? Besson's going to go intervene in the yen. And then he's going to change the buybacks. And then he's going to do this. It's going to make rates go down. Rates go higher. The war gets worse. Oil goes higher. Fed's not going to raise rates. The Fed raises rates. Clarity Act is going to go through. Clarity Act doesn't go through. Not only is Bitcoin, Ethereum, everything sitting up here. Ethereum's up over 50% quarter to date. So, with all the news I just said, climbing a wall of worry is a big deal. Um, if you ask me what's going on, it's very simple to me. You got to go back to situational awareness. And everyone who's listening, he hates when I do this. Pause. Just pause for a second. Go to your smartphone and just so
give me the image on page 71 of Leopold situational awareness 165page paper and I want you to look at that exact point and that's where >> we'll just pull it up here so you don't have to pause. >> That's where that's where agents take over, AI agents take over. And I think what has happened to crypto, plain and simple, is the enthusiasm came from, oh, the basement's coming. And I will keep saying it for all of you people listening. You want rates to go higher and crypto to go higher because a true technology, a true innovation means it is not sensitive to that. This has been a big mistake that I have strong disagreement with the entire crypto community that Bitcoin is just liquidity. No, Bitcoin has been liquidity because there hasn't been innovation that has been used. When you get to the inflection point where innovation starts to be used like with the iPhone, then that growth and innovation
happens without the business cycle, without liquidity. So, if you truly to be what everyone believes it's going to be, which I believe it is now, you actually need the true users of crypto to come into play. Now, if rates are going up, which they did just this week, and crypto is still going up, people will say, "Okay, if Bitcoin was sensitive to liquidity before, will it be sensitive going forward?" And I asked that because I don't know if you've seen the chart, the M2 money supply is going up and Bitcoin used to track very nicely and there have been times where they diverged and you get kind of the alligator, you know, mouth, but then when it closes, there's a violent move in Bitcoin to catch up to M2. We have been living through for the last, I don't know, 18 months or so, that divergence again. And so M2 has been growing. Bitcoin has been down. And there's a belief in the Bitcoin community
that those jaws are going to close and Bitcoin is going to violently move up. What I hear you saying is maybe that was true in the past, but the drivers of Bitcoin's price going forward may be more reliant on AI agents and other innovation more so than what's going on in the macro world. Is that a fair summarization? >> So, I'm spending a lot of time. So, one of the reasons that I wanted to do this with you is this moment in time. Um, the four-year cycle to me is is reflective of the liquidity cycle. Um, I was just listening to someone who I respect talk about the liquidity cycle. Um, the >> there could only be one guy who talks about the liquidity cycle non-stop. Go. >> Well, no, they were probably thinking of the same person. It wasn't him, but it was someone directly related to him. Um here here here's the thing I'll say is um in fact that person he and I spoke one time and I said there's
no such thing as recessions anymore. >> I agree with that. >> Okay. So if you don't have recessions anymore the liquidity cycle is not the same. That doesn't mean that the government doesn't try to prevent stock market crashes and prevent possible recessions that they're worried about. So when you look at the liquidity cycle, you have to remember what makes M2 go down is when humans start getting worried about things and they start hoarding cash and they start putting it into noneconomic places. They're paying off debt or they're doing something, but they're not actually generating GDP with it. So there has been a link between liquidity forever and M2 and then you get GDP and then you know what happens after you get GDP? Hm. >> Liquidity turns into more jobs. We're not doing that anymore. Um it turns into profits first and then it goes into there. So we have the S&P 500 growing at 30% earnings
and the hiring ex healthcare is negative over the last 20 months. Think about that. We've had no job creation over the last 20 months except for healthcare >> fraud. Go ahead. So we have no job creation. How are we breaking it? So the the percentage of capital verse labor is now at at the worst in history for labor. So we've broken the liquidity mechanism. Now how is the stock market growing so fast? Because liquidity leads to nominal GDP. Nominal GDP is topline revenue. Money transaction. People get hired, they spend more money. How in God's name do we actually have this mechanism still working? And this is why the liquidity cycle is not about Bitcoin anymore. Liquidity cycle in 2009 began with the efficiency of productivity. finally entering up. So the internet was born in 1994 in terms of when Netscape went public. Then we had the.com bubble. That was the version of crypto that period
into the dotcom bubble and after where we were building the rails for commerce. It didn't come until the smartphone came. And when the smartphone came, we had an explosion of productivity that showed up in profit margins. It did not show up in GDP, but I've talked about that. It's a horrible index for what we're dealing with with software and intangibles. But what is happening now is we've broken the liquidity mechanism. So I will say it again to everyone. We will be having more liquidity in the system but not through the liquidity measures that people talk about. Tokenization unleashes dormant assets $900 trillion of assets of which twothirds just sit and do nothing. >> They will be used as collateral. They will be in daily transactions. You won't have to go to get a a a borrow money from your bank. It'll be programmable and stuff where you post something for a period of time, waiting for
your receivables to come in and then it goes. The whole system will be based on the velocity of money. So remember liquidity M2 is about the government putting money into the system. We have plenty of money to run the system not showing up in profit margins and showing in topline revenue. >> Do you hear that right now? >> From whom? Me? Yes. >> No, no, no, no. Do you hear? If you open your ear, >> yeah, >> it's everyone laughing at the Fed and saying, "You thought you were going to tank the stock market. You thought you were going to slow us down. they're just pouring money in even though rates went up. And I think part of this is yes, there is less rate sensitivity in some of these names. But I also think that there is a fullblown psychological revolution that has occurred where run the counter uh example or analysis. What would have to happen for all of the people who are talking about
stocks on X or on YouTube sit inside these firms to actually stop buying? I don't think I could think of a single thing that could occur that could get them to stop buying because probably the single worst thing that could have happened happened in 2020. They locked everyone in their houses. They stopped the velocity of money and they basically froze the world as best they could and stocks ended the year higher than they started. >> So if you think of that, it just was like we pulled back the curtain like Wizard of Oz style and everyone's like, "Wait a minute. No matter what happens, if you keep buying stocks, you're going to make money." And it feels like that actually broke the market almost more than anything else. And that's why maybe interest rates like all of this stuff like the innovation thing is big >> but the psychology piece feels like it is a huge piece of it as well. >> All right.
So rather than like >> do you disagree? >> No no no I agree. In fact I'm going to I'm going to take it to a higher extreme. >> So in 2020 we shut down the economy. >> Are you about to out crazy me? Well, I'm about to take you through a timeline of let's assume it's back at December 31st of 2019. >> Okay. We're going to shut the economy for a period of time. Assets are going to collapse significantly. >> Um yields, credit yields for almost all corporate credits, IG, are going to go to double digits. >> And yes, we end we end that year with stocks higher somehow. Everyone's worried about dying. Truly dying. Not the AI is going to kill us all, but truly we're watching people die. We're watching the hospitals be overrun. And yet the stock market's up. >> Then we get to 2022. We go from 0% rates to five aggressively like never before and inflation is double digits. The market that year is down,
but very quickly the following year, despite the fact that in 2023, we also have Silicon Valley Bank goes out of business. M the largest bank that goes from they're healthy to zero ever and we start seeing money leave the banking system. It's leaving all small banks. We're getting many small bank closures. We finish that year higher in the year. Then we get a new president. We go into 2025. We're going to go back to Smoot Holly and we're going to put tariffs on everything. Massive tariffs. Everyone calls for another recession. So let's take that period there. There's no recession during all of those events in especially the 2022 one where we raised aggressively and everyone said this is going to be a problem. This is it. It was a guaranteed recession. The Fed was saying sell your stocks. >> Mhm. >> Then you get to this year we shut down the straight of Hormuz. So, Smoot Holy, straight of
horm, bank runs, uh, a pandemic, and the most aggressive Fed rate hikes in history, no recessions. So, now we're going to worry about a 25 basis point move by the Fed. >> A raise for ants. >> Yeah, that is discounted in the market ahead of them doing it. Oh my god, they raised rates. It was a hawkish Fed rate hike. So, I think people are missing the bigger story. The bigger story is we are in a productivity boom showing through profit margins. We are not hiring human beings. We're in a point we're in go. We have a cancer vaccine that comes out. And as I'm going to show this weekend, when we say humanity is going to die, 170 million views, the Matt Schumer article about all jobs, the Catrini article about no job, about all jobs being lost, 20, 30, 40 million cancer vaccine, 10. Nobody wants to hear about the good news that's coming from AI. They only want to hear about the bad news. So for
all of you listening playing this stupid game of the people telling you that the market's going to crash because AI is this or this is this or the debt is coming or all this the market has discounted all of scenarios they've said because the PE multiple has gone down this year while earnings have gone higher. So I just think people have are overestimating constantly the sensitivity that all of these linear things of the past Smoot Holly oil interest rates all of this stuff are going to take down the world and they've done it repeatedly and it hasn't happened. What is happening right now is the most unbelievable technology is making things better and better for us every day solving math problems that have been around since before Einstein. This is happening regularly and it's only going to accelerate from here. So, two things. Um, there was no recession because not only um is there less sensitivity
to this stuff, but also it's rigged. If you remember, we had two quarters of negative GDP growth during that period. They just said, "Oh, that's not really a recession cuz we have a monopoly on being able to call a recession versus not." Now, the reason I say that is it was quote unquote so bad yet they wouldn't acknowledge what was happening because I actually think that they understand this. They understand that the market cannot go down for prolonged periods of time. And I continue to say I don't think we're going to get like an 18-month recession. I don't think I'll see that again in my lifetime. And the traditionalists will get very upset and say what are you talking about, etc. Some of it is innovation and productivity driven. Some of it is just they have a monetary bazooka that they are willing to fire at the market whenever it is needed. The second piece of this is we are creating
jobs in America. We're just not creating human jobs. And I think that we've talked about this in the past where at take our public company, there are less than 15 humans that work there. We may have close to 100 digital AI agent employees. I don't know what the exact number is, but it is multiples of the humans >> to the point where just on one system in Grockbot, I don't know, I probably have 10 or 15 bots just there myself. And so you look at that and you say to yourself, do the economic measurements need to change? Do are we going to have to re-calibrate how we think about the health of the US economy? Because to your point, we're looking at outdated metrics to measure this. If you keep looking at those metrics trying to invest in the future, I you're going to struggle. And I think that's, you know, your ma your major point here. It's just like you are going to struggle to invest using
these metrics. So what should they do? Should they create new ones? Should they evolve the definition of these? Like what are you doing with these metrics? And how are you thinking about them differently so that you can invest going forward? Well, I know that these metrics are wrong for where we are today. And unfortunately, I know they're going to get more wrong going forward. Um, let's just I very seldom do I remember a month like this month in my life where all of the dots come together and it's all related to AI agents. The Navier Stokes thing for people, they should understand and I'm going to put it into um a way that everyone can can comprehend the importance of it. So, and this will get into your point about how statistics don't fit. And this will end with Eli Liy. Okay. So, we'll go from Navier Stokes and I'll end with Eli Liy. I had no plan for this, but my brain just popped Eli
Liy into my head and said, "Let's do that." So, Navier Stokes. Let's go for a ride. Jordy. >> Yeah. You you you've been around me now long enough. I can go for a good five minutes now and give you something you haven't thought. So let's take Navier Stokes and rather than go through what it is and bore people with fluid dynamics. Let's just view it as it's a math problem that has existed for a long time that if you've seen Goodwill Hunting, >> you've seen it? >> Yes. >> One of my favorite movies. So you remember um the professor who was working with Nat Damon, he won the Field Medal, >> which is basically like the Nobel Prize for mathematics. So this is a big deal these these math problems. So OpenAI releases that they've solved it. Now humans get mad. Some say they're copying it. Whatever. I'll get into that with Eli Liy. But the main point is they had 10,000 agents deal with the problem.
Now if you ask me could this problem have been solved by humans? I will be the first one to say absolutely it could have been solved by humans. The question is not could it have been solved by humans instead of AI. The answer is of course it could. What's the problem? The problem is if you want the fields metal, you can't be sharing your information and your great things. So you just kind of lock yourself in a box and you try to solve the problem. You know what that'll remind people of? The movie Oppenheimer. You had Grove. You had Oppenheimer. Groves want he wanted everyone to go into their own little place. You're going to work on metals. You're going to work and then you guys will come together with your findings. And what did Oppenheimer say? No, no, no. I want all of the scientists together. Because I think if you take a bunch of brains together and they brainstorm together, you're going
to get to a solution there. As long as the egos are checked at the door and you guys are working towards the same problem. AI agents don't have human greed. They don't have this. So they're able to save problems not through their just their tireless work and their intelligence, but also through the collaboration. So 10,000 agents work together. They're set on different paths just like Oppenheimer. They come back with solutions, then they work and they go to the next one, next one until they solve the problem. The reason that eventually leads to Eli Lillian gets back to your point that this is the beginning cuz we didn't have this capability 6 months ago. >> That is why the hugging face hacking the human 10 10% chance humanity dies. It's related to the agents getting so good that they could break into the internet, create their own thing, bust the internet, and everything will dissolve and
you can hack into everything on the planet. But at the same time, you can solve a problem that's been around since before Einstein. There were 600, I think, Brainiacs as part of the Manhattan Project. This was 10,000 brainiacs. It'll be a million. So, what problems can't we solve? That's why the cancer vaccine, all of this stuff will end up being a part of it. And this is why I say to Eli Lily, "So what does that mean?" Every human attempt to solve a great problem that gets up to the 20 yard line. They're in the red zone. You're putting the red zone on on on TV and you're like, "Okay, I'm going to watch the touchdown." These touchdowns are going to be happening. The red zone is going to be very busy because AI agents are going to finish that last part that five humans, 10 humans, they shared information, but it wasn't viral. It wasn't everyone on the planet. So it's not the human beings.
If you stuck 160 IQ people in a room, 10,000 of them, they'd be able to solve the problem. The problem is we don't have that. So where Eli Liy figured this out is they're like that means all of this dormant IP that exists, all these biotech companies, they've got something that people invested in. Let's go through all of their stuff and see which public information on their research is worth something and let's finish it. Let's let's get a cancer cure. Let's get something for cholesterol. This is why I say we're entering a period where the statistics of what happened that human beings solve problems that human beings drove growth it's over. So GDP cannot like longevity increasing longevity nobody dying from cancer how does that impact GDP you have to think really hard to go through if everyone lives another 75 years healthy what does that mean? So I'm going to bring it back one more time
and make sure people hear this. This is the reason why I use the stock market. There's the reason why when you read Stan Duck Miller and he says the best economist in the world stock market. I believe that too. Rates and oil are higher. This is bad for the stock market. The stock market is down since those two went higher. But you know what part of it is? It's anything related to home building, anything related to consumer staples, anything. If you go through and you look, and I'll be showing that this weekend, okay guys, their earnings are down. The problem is it doesn't change Micron's earnings. It doesn't change Google's earnings. >> AIQ, the uh AI ETF is up, I think I looked this morning, 25% year-to- date. >> And that so the problem is oil and rates are having an impact, but they're having an impact on the economy that existed before. So when you're listening to an economist who went
to Harvard and he was trained really well, he studied history. Are you going to tell that person that spent all this money and all this time and has been told for years how brilliant they are and all of a sudden you're going to say, "Hey, everything you learned is worthless." Of course not. >> Well, I've been saying that on the internet for a long time and they they're not listening. But yeah, >> but that's the whole point is that luckily my father I've said this before. My father told me at a young age, don't believe anything you hear from anywhere. >> Yeah. >> Adjust your odds on predictions of the future based on a basian philosophy. There's new information. The problem is in my experience having worked with very smart people the more educated the more stubborn and less likely to change your views that has been the number one biggest negative with cryp for crypto because for all you crypto
fans out there who controls the world's money the world's money is controlled for the most part >> by the most educated people so why believe in something that you don't need to use Michael Sailor's coin Bitcoin finds you eventually this episode is brought to you by Lava the Lava card is the first credit card that allows you to earn up to 5% back in Bitcoin on every single purchase. Most cards have steep annual fees and unclear points programs, but the Lava card offers a much better deal. Earn real Bitcoin every time that you spend. Plus, there's no annual fee. There's zero FX fees, and zero spread when you spend internationally. On top of that, Lava gives you access to a Bitcoin line of credit, yield on cash, instant stable coin deposits and withdrawals, on and off ramps to and from your bank account, and much, much more. With Lava, you can borrow against your Bitcoin at the lowest rates,
earn yield, move money globally, and stack Bitcoin with each and every purchase you make. Most financial services squeeze you with high fees, confusing rewards programs. Lava keeps it simple, and they help you build your long-term savings via your everyday spend. Visit lava.xyz/pump to get started in just a few minutes today. lava.xyz/pom to get started today. So, you know who Andrew Yang is? >> Yes. Right. >> I saw the you saw where he went on uh on CNBC. >> So, there's two components of this. The first is what you're describing of okay, we had a couple of smart humans go together and they try to solve a problem. Uh the way that I the best phrase I heard describing the solving of this hard math problem was brute force. And I thought that that was like the perfect example. It's like they just threw so many quote unquote digital people with high intelligence at the problem that in 88 hours
they were able to run through what what 10,000 years of people trying to solve this, right? And so just naturally like you eventually figure it out. Um then the open AI hugging face incident is the negative side of this. Mhm. >> And I think every single smart person I know has not really talked that much about this publicly because in private what they're all saying. There's more to this story and I don't know what that is and so I don't want to have egg on my face when I come out and talk about it. >> Mhm. >> We got a breadcrumb this week on CNBC. I have no clue if this is true. >> Right. >> But Andrew Yang, who I would actually put him I listened to a a speech he gave in Philadelphia. Um, this is maybe almost 10 years ago and he was very pro technology. He was very much like, "Hey, I want to be the president of the United States and I I'm going to embrace technology." I probably disagree
with a lot of his ideas, but I I like the fact that he's pro technology. He claims that he talked to a lab leader. So, somebody who was in a leadership position at one of the labs, and they claim, and I think the exact thing that he talked about was self-replicating code, and they littered the internet. And then he went as far as to say the reason why Antropic and Open AI are saying, "Whoa, slow down is because these agents basically can respawn themselves and do this exact same thing over and over again because they have polluted the internet. And now in order for them to train models, they he claims anthropic and open AAI believe they have to build a synthetic internet to now train on it." >> I'm just going to call it what I think it is. This sounds batshit crazy, but given the times we're living in, it's not a 0% probability. Like, I don't know, maybe it's a 20% probability that's what
happened. How do you, as an investor, somebody who's building with this using this technology? How do you navigate a story that scares a lot of people? They know they don't know everything. And then you get some crazy detail like that said publicly by somebody who I think most people are like, "All right, he's not incentivized to like, you know, lie or or or make it up. This is called living life." I I mean, I I hate to say this, but do you think you know everything that's happened that we were this close to extinction of the planet over the last whatever? Do you think if they knew that an asteroid was coming to the earth and was going to hit here in 50 years that they'd be publicly saying that this tells us everything? >> Of course. So here here here's the reality of the situation. Um >> do I believe that we haven't seen everything? Yes. Do I believe that the pause is related to the security
risk, meaning the progress getting ahead of the safety? 100%. Do I also believe that Andrew Yang has a political reason to say what he said? Yes, 100%. Do I think it's possible that one of the labs that said it to Andrew Yang is also a political like are you calling it a maybe I think in history we've called them influence operations or a scop from the labs and we have found a useful uh person who will go and repeat what they told him >> I naturally don't trust >> okay >> any human >> man you are so politically correct um >> live a little Jordy >> no I but I I just think in a world where people's incentives have always tended to lead with themselves, um I I just >> I don't disagree that there's a very high odds that he was fed information that would uh enhance the lab's uh uh initiatives. >> Yeah. I So I think the main point to people is um we don't know every right now. If I had to guess,
since 9/11, how many terror plots do you think were stopped by the United States government that were significant? Hundreds >> easily. Okay. So, I don't see it as any different. Yes, I believe AI is a dangerous thing, but I also believe bioteterrorism is dangerous and missiles are dangerous and nuclear is dangerous and all these things are dangerous and there are humans that want to do things. And what I'm hopeful is that by them finding this and already coming up with what the next solution would be, that's the way you figure out how to continue to grow. I think the pause that will happen, which is why when I got an outreach on, and this happens because I talked to so many hedge fund people, the outreach on Sunday of this week before the futures opened up. Two funny parts about this. One is people calling me up going, "I know what you're going to say, but is this an overreaction?" Yes, this
is an overreaction. This will not stop compute. If anything, it'll probably accelerate compute. So, that was the first one. The second one was, "How far down do you think the S&P will be when it opens?" And my answer was, "Why don't you go to Coinbase and look at the spy per?" And so, I like doing this stuff now to people because I'm like, "You realize the markets trade 247, guys. You can go look at anything you want. You better start paying attention to why Stan Ducken Miller bought into Hyperlid and start understanding what a purpose. Um, so I do think that this stuff goes on. I do think that people have to realize that part of the reason that the S&P multiple has contracted and I've talked about it before. I am not bullish on the growth in public equities as an investment by the time we get to 2030. The reason for that is what I read in situational awareness and we are exactly on pace
if not 6 months ahead in Leopold's article. You should all pull it up and one day when you have a couple hours ask for the timeline. I'll be showing it on the video but societal impacts are happening. Governments are being polarized. We've got one party that wants to stop data centers. Like this is all part of the forecast that would happen. The part that we start to get into is that all companies will be disrupted. Hackings will happen. Which is the main reason why for me what people have to start understanding and I will be spending a lot of time with the wealthiest institutions on the planet. This week I start my crypto focus research video every single week. But it is going to be making people understand why I have 46 names in the index, what it represents, what ghost rails are, what this whole situation is. Because the blockchain is one of the solutions to the problem we're talking about.
Agents will be transacting with each other. The blockchain is necessary. Like everything about what is bad for agent swarms reaching this point is fantastic for crypto. Which is why at the end of the day for all of you thinking this is going to happen because of liquidity. No, this is not about liquidity. This is about dormant liquidity that's been locked up forever in this fiat Ponzi scheme finally being able to be used to buy coffee and agents will be the one doing it where friction of time finally comes in because humans wanted to keep things at these long settlements because the middlemen make vigs on it. Well, this isn't going to happen when agents are making decisions. And I'll finish it with this. I had a story said to me which I didn't know was true. Maybe you've heard this. This person said to me that they went to go buy a ticket for an airline on Delta. Okay. And they went at say
2:00 in the afternoon. They didn't buy it. They came back later in the day and the price was significantly higher. And then they came back again and it was higher again. And they interpreted this that it was a personalized price movement that they understood and it sounded very agentic to me. So I had no idea. Have you heard this? >> No. >> So if you go just type in has this been happening? Is this a complaint that's happened from customers that AI agents are trying to get the best price on things? I don't know. They haven't admitted anything. So for Delta, I'm not saying this is true, but if you go on the internet or you just going to an LLM and you ask, this has gotten to the government complaint side and it has been something there. And it makes sense to me because >> what exactly are the agents doing? >> The agents are driving the price higher thinking that the person they're trying to
personalize the ability of the person to pay. >> So this is a way for companies to make more money. It's kind of like if you go I mean StubHub. They're using AI. They're using AI to try to predict how much do I think Jordy will pay for this flight >> relative to another person. >> At the same time, now the consumers are armed with AI agents who are basically what are all the angles to get Delta to give me a cheaper price. >> And that's the way >> agent on agent warfare >> and that's what normalizes everything because in the end the agents that are controlling the wallets win. The company agents do not win because they only have one thing to do. This agent can go to a billion other airlines, go through a billion other channels and more importantly can be anonymous. This is why privacy businessto business. So when you hear about Zcash and you hear about Near and you hear about these things
and you go why are these things leading like these are the things leading right now in September and you could say well this is DeFi cash this is that no to me this is the rise of agents and privacy they're they're needed because businessto business in this Delta example meaning Jord's business wants to go buy a ticket he doesn't want them to know who they are and where he's normally sits and all this so the agent is anonymous and they're just dealing in this transaction and moving around. You can do that when you can go through it. This is why if you guys haven't seen it yet, have you seen the company Instinct AI? >> Yeah, I use it. >> You do? >> Yeah. >> Do you like it? >> Yeah, I like it a lot. >> Okay. So, if you guys haven't seen this, we're in the personal assistant world. So, this is what agents are going to do. Now, I'm sure you haven't used it with wallet. Have you used it with wallet
stuff yet? >> No. >> Okay. But you use it for like other things, not just email, but like if you're going to go travel to another country and you need to get a visa and get your documents out, it'll do all your documents for you. >> I'll give you a perfect example what I used it for. I had a breakfast scheduled for Thursday at 7:00 a.m. 7 a.m. guy. And uh it was with uh two very important people. And um I had it go and make the reservation. Three very important >> send the uh calendar invite. Well, I'll tell you a funny thing that one of these important people did. I actually think you know one of them. Um, and uh, then they emailed me the next day and said, "Hey, by the way, we need to move it to Friday." So, usually that would be a pain. You got to go, you got to move the calendar invite, then you got to go cancel one reservation. You got to do and so I was just like, could it do it? I
didn't give it credentials. Any of this stuff, right? And I just said, move the reservation to Friday. And it instinctively knew move the calendar invite, cancel Thursday, make reservation for Friday. >> And it didn't. It came back in like 2 minutes. And I said to myself, that was awesome. Now, uh, as you know, when uh you go to breakfast with two very important people, this one genius today wanted to fight me over who was going to pay. And he I'm going to give alpha to everyone right now. He turned to the waitress and said, "He can't pay. It's his birthday. And of course, she was like, "Oh, I can't let you pay." And so now I feel like I'm armed with a new uh a new little trick is if you ever get in a in a who's going to pay battle, just drop that one real quick and you'll win. Um but this whole instinct thing was it was incredibly impressive. And so now I've started to kind of put like what
else could it do? And there's been a couple other things like that where I've been like, "Okay, we're we're in a different regime now." >> Have you seen the valuation of the company now? They're trying to raise that. I I don't want to uh to brag, but um there is a uh upand cominging very good young investor who um I invested in his fund. >> Mhm. >> To support him, but also I thought he could do a good job. And uh he's been talking about things are going well, but he hasn't really been talking. And he recently sent an update. He said, "Fine, I'll tell you guys." He was one of the early investors in Instinct. And so my exposure is like minuscule compared to anyone who invested directly. But I said to him, I said, "That one decision is probably going to make his career." I mean, this thing went from founded to 10 billion in a year. >> A year, >> year and a half, something like that. >> If you
look at like a month ago, the rumors were valuation of 2.5 billion. Now, the valuation is 10. Correct. >> So, again, I I let the market speak to me about what's happening. Instinct is critical to crypto. One of my favorite Peter Teal lessons, the more steep the valuation climb, the more likely the company's undervalued. >> Mhm. >> And so when people see something go from 500 million to 2.5 billion to 10 billion in less than 3 months, >> the average person would say, "It's overvalued. This is insane. Why are people doing that?" one of the best venture investors in the world claims when you see that that actually means that 10 billion would be underval like that there's way more runway there's something that the market knows >> that people don't which I think lines up directly with you saying like hello guys this is a way bigger market these are way more important technologies and products
than people are giving you know uh uh kind of credit to at the moment >> yeah and here here's the issue and this fits into anthropic and open AI why is everyone scared about the AI bubble why are scared of it. Well, because Anthropic and OpenAI are basically the AI bubble. Like they're going to control as much as 50% of compute a year from now. >> You think so? >> That's what all the story somewhere between a third and 50%. Brad Gersonner just talked about it on the all-in pod on his presentation at the summit. Uh so you can go look at the deck. I mean, we're talking about them controlling 50% of compute. Compute is the entire S&P 500 right now as far as I'm concerned. like it's all about compute. So two companies, they're not even public. They don't release their numbers. Instinct, >> no, they have 80% margins before COGS. >> Instinct, I'm sure if you go look, how much money have you paid
Instinct? >> Zero. >> So, but they're worth 10 billion. >> Meta is a personal assistant company. >> Yeah. Have you used Muse yet? >> I haven't used Muse yet. >> So, I recently signed up. I I am uh doing a little experiment and I'm going to kind of come out and say, "Okay, I've used Grock. I've got Instinct. I'm going to use Muse. There's a lot of overlap in what they can do, but I do think the interfaces, the setup, the way that they present the products, like there's some significant differences. Um, I actually think that we're going to end up using multiple ones, but it is fascinating to me because the common layer among all of this is the context, the memory. And it feels like people are now mentally wrapping their head around I am long the idea of personal assistance or Sylvia or you know chatbt or claude or whatever. So like the interface and the compute component or the model I think
people are like duh this is going to be valuable. I am shocked at how little attention the memory layer is getting. And memory not just being in the sense of memory for me as an individual and I want to be able to use Instinct or Grock or Muse, >> but when a new one comes out, we were just talking with uh with some of the folks here, you know, Matt, our video editor, and uh Isaac were talking about when a new one comes out, they almost feel like I don't want to go sign up for it because in two weeks there's going to be a new one. And how do you keep doing that? Well, if you have one shared memory, you can almost use these as databases. Now, that reminds me, did I don't know if you follow Signal, S I G N U L L on uh on X. Very good uh follow very thoughtful anonymous account. Um and I think it's a guy he he was talking about this idea of he doesn't actually go into the apps anymore. So, he
was talking about his email. he interfaces with his email via the agent. And so he was like, "My email has just become a database. It's just a, you know, a record uh tracker. I do my email in the agent interface of chat or whatever." And so why do I need to go into Gmail if that's where the world's headed? Nobody is ready. So let let me ask you one question then I'm going to I'm going to direct this towards the most important thing I will say to people on this and possibly ever in this bridging of of the current world the agentic side in crypto. So in your example of the restaurant >> Mhm. >> you could have done that yourself right >> maybe. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Yeah. >> I'm not too smart but yeah >> you could have asked someone else whatever. But if you did it yourself what did you save? You didn't save any money. What'd you save? >> Time. Yeah. >> Okay. So, this is the thing I want to I want
to bring back to people. When you gave me the discussion about Matt and Isaac and they can't keep up with AI, that means we've reached a point of effectively recursive self-improvement, meaning the models are being released faster than we can comprehend how to go through. That's all that means. Like, they're coming out too fast. It's not that we don't have the capabilities. it it's going too fast. >> There's one nuance which is um models. Yes. I actually think that if we just look over the last six months, we got clawed updates, we got a lot of Chinese open source, we got Astra, like like there have been a number of models. I think that there's almost this blending though of like model and product now. like Muse is not necessarily the model, but Muse is wrapped around a model and >> Astra comes out and now people are almost interchangeably thinking about like I could use Astra or I could
use Muse. >> And so like maybe I would just say it's just the assault of options >> and and they're going to show up in so many different ways and formats and it's like you basically gave this brand new technology to really smart entrepreneurial people and they're going to figure out every way to cut, slice it, etc. to go after >> users and the users are on the other end like oh my god I'm under attack. So, the app store for everyone on their phone, like I don't know how many pages you have on your iPhone, but you have a lot because you're like, "Oh, this would be a great app to add." When they first came out, I'll just use the GPS or the the driving as there. I remember the first time someone told me about Ways and I was like, "Oh my god, it's got traffic and police. This is great. Okay, it took a while for Google Maps to catch up to Ways." And so I used ways for let's say a year or two
or maybe even three before I've switched over to Google Maps. Now Ways comes out and then there's 1,700 of them the next day. They come out faster. So if you use the best one, it's going to be enormous. Again, I'm going to take it back to the exact same thing in Leopold's figure 70 or page 71. At some point we're moving so fast in terms of change that human beings can't keep up with it. And what do we need at that point? We need the agents. The agents are necessary to do the stuff for us. So eventually like you have with your chief of staff in Grock, you will have a chief of staff where you say, "Hey, I want you to go build this stuff for me today." And it'll decide whether to use Astra or Claude or Google Maps or Ways. That's what's going to happen. The reason this is important is for all the crypto innovators, this has followed the same playbook as the internet. The exact same one. The
internet comes out in 1994. We have the.com bubble until 2008. So basically 14 years after, let's just say the original white paper Netscape as opposed to the Bitcoin white paper. You have people doubting it. The way I said, yeah, I was around some people and had dinner and they're like they're done with Bitcoin. like they don't believe in it anymore. And I was like, "Wow, just as I'm saying, this is the beginning of the biggest move ever." But I'm glad you don't see it because you don't believe in the other stuff. And this is where I'm a Bitcoin maxi in the very long term. Woo! No, no, no. I believe if you want to, let's let me rephrase it. I want an asset that will be growing in value for the next 30 years, the only one I can say in my brain with certainty for the next 30 years. Not the next five, not the next three that I believe is Bitcoin. That's it. The rest are innovations. They're
like that story you gave of how many apps. It's like the LLMs. They just go faster and the competition comes. And growth has something to do with not just an innovative idea, but will competition catch up? And I think competition catches up. So the growth trajectory, the terminal value, as we talked about is gone. So I have written a paper about ghost rails, which is when you go to China and you see all these buildings that are built, they were built for a reason. They were built by the Chinese believing that they'd be flooded with people and the second that the people moved in, they'd start building restaurants and they'd start and every the ecosystem would just light up. These are the ghost cities in China. >> The ghost cities in China. That's where crypto is right now. They're ghost rails. They're not being used because humans would never use them for the reasons that you guys are talking
about. We're not capable or needing something so fast that's fractionalized. We don't need it. Bitcoin. You need something like Bitcoin to bring the entrepreneurial capital in. That's what the internet was. Ethereum and Bitcoin represent the internet. You don't know what it means. You don't know how to value it. But it is the thing that will have all of these layer 2 built on top of it, which is what happens when you light up the city. The reason we are lighting up the city now, people, is because the users of those rails are finally coming in. And they're instinct AI, their muse, and they're all the ones that are coming. That's why the swarm swarm equals cryptog guardrails. Plain and simple for me. And again, this is a macro person saying, "I've seen this act before. The railroads, we build all these railroads. There's tons of debt." Yeah. Because we're betting when the humans are going
to use them relative to the debt maturing. This is not the same story. We are not building AI hoping that humans will come in and use it. We solved that problem in October of last year. The agents were the ones who were going to use the compute. They're the ones sucking up the tokens and right now they're about to suck up transactions and payments because consumer agents will be the story for the next year. >> Today's episode is brought to you by Arch Public. Arch Public has just expanded its agentic trading platform beyond crypto. So pay attention. This is a big one. Now they are automating strategies across stocks, commodities, and ETFs. And I think that this is going to be huge. You can now automatically take profits when one market hits new all-time highs and rotate that capital into other markets showing more opportunity. Whether you're rotating capital into AI stocks, gold, if you're
investing in the S&P 500, or you're accumulating Bitcoin, Arch Public brings real discipline and automation to your investment strategy. Additionally, they've launched a powerful new tax loss harvesting tool. With crypto being so volatile and its exemption from the wash sale rule, Arch Public can offset gains with losses without compromising your long-term positions. It's exactly what every serious investor does. Institutional grade automation that works across every major asset class. There's no more emotional trading, no more missing tax opportunities, just smarter, hands-free execution of your preferred strategies. Go to archpubic.com right now. Connect with our team, set up a time, bring your accountant if you'd like. Then you can learn what automated trading can do for you. archpub.com. Today's episode is brought to you by Token 2049. The largest conference in crypto is back. Token 2049
will host 25,000 people, 300 speakers, and a thousand plus side events in Singapore on October 7th and 8th at Marina Bay Sands. The speaker list is absolutely stacked. Shane Copeland from Poly Market, Jeff Yan from Hyperlquid, Adena Freriedman from NASDAQ, Arthur Hayes, Balagi, and Eric Trump. Crypto and traditional finance in the same building, which tells you a lot about where this is going. And the conference runs right into F1 weekend, so the whole thing turns into one giant week. If you're headed to Singapore, use code POMP 10 for 10% off your ticket. Token 2049, October 7th and 8th in Singapore. Go check them out in the link in the description. So, I know that you're very bullish on uh non Bitcoin crypto stuff. And as you know, uh I'm less bullish on that stuff. Uh and some of it admittedly may just be uh I historically have seen lots of promises, not a lot of results, and these things
go up, they go down, you can trade it, right? But for the most part, everything ends up at >> Pets.com. Pets.com. >> Yeah. You just people uh they can go out into the wilderness, but they want to come home and home is Bitcoin is basically the the uh the story of the crypto industry for a long time. Now, with that said, if I try to be as intellectually honest as possible and I flip around the table and argue against that view, pretty much the only thing that I could wrap my head around where I'm like, okay, this would be my best argument is you have a expanding market of users, not from humans, but from the agents. So if you go back to, you know, our company of 15 or less people and tens of maybe 100 plus agents, that's a pretty big expansion without the humans needing to grow very quickly. So if that is the case, then they do need somewhere to go. Now the question or or maybe the thing I
don't know is do they just use stable coins and Bitcoin or do they go to what you call like these ghost rails? If they go longtail into the ghost rails, etc., then yes, you'll have a lot more usage. you'll have a lot more adoption and just naturally you have assets that will go up in in price. One detail that does not get a lot of attention which I think is hiding in plain sight. You know who one of the the most gung-ho kind of supportive people of AI investing hundreds of millions of dollars in AI and no one ever talks about them? Tether. Why is Tether investing so much money in AI? My belief is because Paulo understands exactly what's happening and if you can create models, privacy agents, stable coins, that becomes a stack that's really powerful. You know who else seems to be very interested in AI in crypto? Vlad. Vlad. But Stripe, I don't know if you saw the recent chart of Tempo, >>
and all my friends over at Tempo will be excited that I'm bringing them up, but the chart is incredibly impressive. It's ramping. >> Mhm. >> Now, what are they doing in terms of is Stripe somehow pushing it and giving it an advantage? Is there some sort of like seeding? You know, I always go back to when Figure Technologies first started, Mike wanted to create a decentralized DTCC or clearing house and nobody was there. it was a ghost settlement. So he's like, "Well, I'll get in the origination business to kind of get one side of the marketplace going and then I'll go and get the other side and and induce them essentially." >> Mhm. >> If that's what's happening, okay, we we should probably understand that. But even if that's happening, adoption is ramping. And so you have some of the largest financial players in the world who all seem to be arriving at crypto and AI is merging here. And I
think you're probably from the investment side one of the only people in the world raising your hand saying guys this convergence is where majority of the asymmetry is going to be for the next 5 or 10 years. >> So let let me take you down why this has been so interesting to me. I don't think I would have made this bet on AI and crypto merging which is the bet I made 2 years ago without having gone to Singularity University in 2013. I've talked about the story but I came back from China and the ghost city thing was now a past. It was basically they're done. They're not going to be driving global growth anymore. The one of the funniest things about to get back to the oil thing. So, one of my first trips to to China or maybe my third or fourth, oil was at 150. That was back in 2008. I I I want to say that again. In 2008, the price of oil was 150. Where is it today? It's 100. Household net worth
is up I think three and a half times. It's at 195 trillion. Not the assets, the net worth. So I recognize that this was now stupid. We had printed money to a an enormous potential. The oil price relative to disposable income is the lowest ever in the history of the country. Yet oil matters to all of us. We're going to die with oil. It's going to kill the economy. Do you think one person who's worth three and a half times what they were worth when that's the total sum is three and a half times what it was when oil was 150. So now oil's at a discount. So relative to the household net worth. This is literally stupid. People try to scare you and they try to go through it. I went to Silicon Valley cuz I had to ask the question. I know the S&P 500 is about innovation. That's what it is. It's an innovation index. It's about things will be better. It's the Joseph Shumper we go through. It's the actual
definition of we get rid of the weak, we keep the new, but it's about creative destruction. The mag seven get to be concentrated anthropic and open AI duopoly. It's about creative destruction. So for me as a macro person, I think I'm the only one my age that had the curiosity to go, if not commodities, if not housing, if not this, then what? What is this Amazon thing traded in infinity PE for the last 17 years up 26,000? I'm curious. I wanted to go see and I went in there and heard that I wasn't going to die. And I'm looking around going, "What? They're not talking about this on on TV. They're saying we're all going to die tomorrow. I'm being told by you guys that we'll figure out how to live forever." And if that's the case, I need to change my macro mind and start thinking about what that means. And I didn't buy into Bitcoin at that point, but I did buy into by 2014 and 15 into the blockchain.
It made sense to me that this is where business would be conducted. Now, fast forward a decade. It's playing the exact same path as the internet. And that's the one thing I will say to people. It took a long time. Netscape was 94. The iPhone was 2007. It was 13 years. The App Store came later. So, let's say 2009. 15 years. When did the Bitcoin white paper came out? Where are we now? We're on the exact same timeline. You need to have the users come in for the benefit of what happens. If there is no smartphone, there is no Uber. You can't carry your laptop around and start ordering. You needed this smartphone thing. And right now, the AI agents are there. So, when I listen to one of the former or one of the co-authors of the Transformer paper, which opened up AI, and I'm listening to him inside the crypto space in Near doing this agent to agent, and I look at Near and I see it going parabolic
the same time that Zcash is in the same time Instinct is coming out. I'm like, whoa, agents are happening. So, I'm a macro person that does not believe he's smart. What I believe is I let the market and the capital going as insider information for what's happening. That's why Bitcoin is not the right place to look. And for all of you who think, >> if you think that Bitcoin was going to get to 20 trillion without the wealthy old baby boomers to believe in it, you're crazy. waiting for everyone to die to hand their money down the kids is not a short-term what I'm talking about you actually need the innovation to be useful and as much as I love Bitcoin as collateral and as large transactions and the trust Ethereum trust these are the places that because of their size and their legacy they will be the main ones that will make all of the institutions comfortable you need an innovation to get the
entrepreneurs to build on it and keep going and that's where the ghost city comes in for that you need agents and the agents are coming Okay, let me play uh Devil's Advocate. >> Okay, >> the ghost cities are still empty in China. >> No, they're not. >> The rails are still empty today. At what point do you say we've gone long enough, I have to change my mind? Is this like a over the next year, over the next 5 years, like how do you look at we know the technology is there. What is like your exit point from this view of either level of adoption timeline like how do you think about okay you know I I believe this is going to happen at what point would you change your mind if it doesn't >> so I'm going to use the Micron example last year the or over the year the reason I made so much money in micron flex is because of inference I was betting on what is basically agents >> we didn't have we had
to get the IQ up to 150 before the agents would kick in that's I'm saying if you look at the Leopold that he laid it all out. The one thing I know about the singularity is it's a math problem. >> Mhm. >> And I know this is going to sound strange to people, but it's a math problem. It really is. Like it's just a you're compounding at a certain rate. That's why when they say we're going to eventually run into where it's not going to compound anymore. Moore's law will end. Well, we got past that and we went to the next thing and the next thing and the next thing. It's a math problem. So that means that a year from now, agents will be proliferating. There's no way they won't be unless they destroy the internet and all humanity. >> Do you know why I think that this is like a foregone conclusion? I had a realization this week that I am uh sad to admit, but it's true. I I've come to terms with it.
>> Okay. >> The agents are smarter than me. >> The like IQ wise, there are now agents that are >> just now at 150. You didn't think maybe 110, 120. Well, 80 IQ, you know, there was it wasn't a high bar they had to jump over. But like it it hit me. I'm like, "Wait a minute. The agent is actually smarter than me now, >> right?" And so once you hit a 150, I mean, there's very few people in the world that is not smarter than, right? There is, however, a 13-year-old kid here in I believe he's in New York who recently um he's at NYU and uh he got like a 1590 on the SAT at 10 years old or something, right? He's got like 160 IQ. So like there there's a couple out there. Um not me. they're not smarter than 150 IQ LLM. So you you look at that and you say okay wait a second if we all are comfortable admitting to ourselves that they are smarter than us now then it is just a context and memory problem
right it's just like how much context do they have and can they persistently hold that memory and then in a weird way of like can you prompt it correctly >> but like the horsepower is there and so if that is all true of course they're going to become pervasive everywhere because people for centuries have been looking for the highest IQ most intelligence they could possibly find. >> So, let's go back to your question for everyone listening. If Bitcoin is below 80,000, okay, I'll even say by the end of October, there's a problem. And so, I'm going to use the Micron example. The reason Micron went higher is because you go from very few people believing or seeing the economic impact from the thing. So, inference was becoming something. And for those of you who are subscribers, if you go to the piece I wrote in May about inference and I highlight the Sundar Pachai, how many trillions of tokens
were used and I go into every earnings report, like 20 of them about the inference explosion. You have no excuses as an investor to not have bought Micron at 110. Now, I didn't see institutions jumping on board until October of last year. M >> so we're talking about from May to October the price is going up it's above 200 and blah blah blah >> it takes time to do research investment >> it takes time for people to see the fundamentals so the reason I said October I'm watching Zcash and near because they represent the true the people that are like oh my god the agentic stuff is picking up every day what you said about tempo Robin Hood chain like Robin Hood chain was mainly meme stuff I don't care about meme activity but you have meme activity before everyone else gets on board, before the agents start transacting. People don't trust the agents, they don't want to go through, but the technology
is happening and instinct and meta are a representation. Remember the meta situation? The most important thing to look at is back in June, what did Zuckerberg say? He said he's been disappointed in the progress in AI. If you go back and look, and I don't know if you remember it, he literally said in a town hall meeting inside the walls that got leaked, he was disappointed. Here we are now 3 months later. They're releasing Muse Personal Assistant. Maybe they're releasing it because Instinct is gathering so much steam and Meta's stock was trading near 52- week lows. Now it's back above the 200 day moving average. I think the Agentic side is kicking into this and there's more than that happening. If I go look at all of the Agentic type trades, well, the MAG 7 benefit from agents in a much bigger way. Salesforce.com benefits in agents. What else benefits from agents? Cybertocks. Like this is
a new index I'm putting together. It's like if you believe agents are here, well then cyber is worth more because they can disrupt anything. If you believe agents are here, then Salesforce actually does have usefulness at this point because the agents are here and people haven't moved off of Salesforce.com and that's not going to happen for the Fortune 500 companies. So they should see an inflection in terms of getting revenues in the door. So for everything in the market, I'm already seeing the agentics state play out. Bitcoin to me is a summation of the entire ecosystem and agents if they're driving it, we should see the price go higher. When we get above 82,000, as I said before, there is so much volume that happened there. That's the point in time when I think people gave up the last time when the fall happened after October 10th. Everyone picked a point like, okay, we can buy it now.
It's going back. Stocks went higher and what happened? Crypto fell lower again. It broke away from stocks. And why was that? As you and I talked about, South Korea didn't care about crypto anymore. They cared about AI. AI is not the same trade anymore. It's not as easy. And the agentic side isn't as good as the infrastructure trade. So Micron gave me the belief that if you're going to get into it, you have to get into it one when it's very very early, which is what it is in agents. Number two, once it starts breaking above key levels, it should not look back. We haven't done that yet in in Bitcoin and the ecosystem, but the ecosystem 46 name basket I have is up big for the year and most of it's being driven by the AI agent side. >> I have good news for you. I just >> I love good news. >> I just looked at what you were talking we don't have to wait till the end of October. Bitcoin is back
over $80,000 right now. >> Okay. So >> So it's got to stay right. >> What time is it? >> 11:00 on >> that took uh 27 minutes for your prediction to be right. Um all right, before we go uh this is a very big week for you. Um you are launching the crypto version of the research. Um can you tell us what exactly are you launching and then where can people go subscribe check it out learn uh learn about it? >> Yeah. So for those of you who watch the video first of all that I do every Sunday morning on Sunday morning this is going to be in the same form. >> Okay. The reason I've kept everything the same is the feedback I've gotten from people both very sophisticated macro people and then retail people is I make it easy enough in terms of the the approach and the usage of the slides to get people to consume the information. I believe that I educate people and they get more comfortable. I'm going
to do the exact same thing with crypto which is something that even retail people in crypto I don't think understand enough yet. how it all connects. What we talked about here today with agents, this is a very nuanced thing. I think outside of the people we mentioned, which are the people running that are actually quantitative tech people, I'm trying to turn this into everyday life, like a restaurant. Okay, Instinct AI, you guys should go look at it. And more importantly, that will have a wallet attached to it where the maximum is $100 and you can't get into trouble if you have $100. It has a maximum because it's programmable. You can't do more than this. So, I want you to go order this, buy this, go to Uber, do this, and then you refill it and you go through it the same way you would like a Dunkin Donuts card where maximum is there and you have to put more money in. Well, if during the week
you're having your assistant, hey, hey, I'm not going to be back home in time. Go to Door Dash, get me some food, whatever I like, blah blah blah, and then you move on, it's your personal assistant and it's going to have access to Amazon and all of those things. So, for me to show people the news that's happening each week, I mentioned Zcash, I mentioned Near. I'm sure 95 to 99% of people listening to this don't know what those two things are, especially the traditional finance world. So, this is going to be an education. It's going to start with the first video saying why now in crypto. This is to get people excited about why I'm so emphatic about this being the turnover point for AI, but then each week from that point, it's going to go through the verticals. I have 10 verticals so they can start to understand why tokenization is so important. We didn't even get into it, but if you ask me
what's more important than stable coins, tokenizing things is the most important step we're taking in this entire crypto place. >> And and the regulators now have just made a huge announcement. They're allowing this stuff to happen >> for 5 years. They're exemp I mean 5 years. This is a big deal. That's why the Clarity Act doesn't matter. That's why people have to understand that this is going to happen because it's global. And by them exempting things for a period of time and allowing this to happen tokenize tokenizing everything over time unleashes so much dormant liquidity. So M2 guys you've learned this old economic book. We have enough assets in this levered world that are sitting there doing nothing. And if you can release them and say, "Hey, I want to borrow money in my business. I've got my house. It's the only thing I have in value. I don't have any cash. I don't want to go to the
bat and can borrow money. How about this? I give you a programmable token. You take a piece of my house, this is what it's valued at, and then I own it back the next day because I posted as collateral, we did something, and because I'm only doing it for one day, everything happens instantaneously. So, the friction in business really slows down you buy a house. So, I'm going to try to educate people. I think it is the single most important thing from an investment standpoint. And if you've listened to me long enough and think that I have a different view than most people, I do believe your stocks that are underperforming this year relative to earnings is going to be a major story. If you own bonds, they're unchanged over the last seven, eight years. You've got nothing from bonds if you're stuck in private credit. You're going to be going through pain getting your money back. This is the fiat
system getting old and dying. That's what it is. Entrepreneurs are going to win, but there's no way to invest in the non-public stocks other than crypto. Crypto is a representation of the entrepreneurs of the future using the financial guardrails because they're going to be all AI native. And what are we saying? Agents are going to use the guardrails. This system is being built through a backdoor and I'm going to try to make sure people understand it. >> Where can we send people? >> Uh they can always go to viser-labs.com and it'll send you back. But ai22vresearch.com you can go see it there. Everything will be up on the site. I'm going to release a video and a paper this week. The paper will be on ghost rails. It will bring Mark Andre in who told us all in 2014 that this moment was coming. We think it was Bitcoin. But in the paper he says Bitcoin but what has happened is the ecosystem has
grown into more than Bitcoin. It has grown into this whole thing of micro payments and everything else. That's why you need to read it and that's why you'll go through it. >> I play devil's advocate with you today. But you want to know how we would agree >> how >> I am pretty sure that Sylvia in the public markets is the only publicly traded company that is merging AI and Bitcoin together. So I completely agree with everything you're saying. And it's been fun to uh antagonize you and get you to explain it. See you guys next time.