We're with David Stout.  You created a company, Web AI.  What is your company worth today?  The public valuation is $2.5 billion. So, my friend, you're a multimillionaire on paper. You grew up on a ranch in Michigan. Yes. We started the company with a $400 loan from my grandfather.  I went to a small business school called Davenport.  And as a freshman, I launched a web services company.  How much was the company earning at that time? More than $750,000 a year, easy.  Did you drop out of school or did you finish your studies?    I did n't finish school.  I am earning $750,000.  Yes. Is there anything about AI that scares you? No, there's nothing about AI that scares me .  There are things about people in companies that scare me.  The people who run it, who choose its direction, what they build with it, how they use it.  Morality cannot be regulated .  I believe the best possible future for
AI is one that mimics the Second Amendment, where you have the right to own AI and we should have the right to own our own intelligence.  And David, you're building an amazing company, amazing relationships for yourself.  When all is said and done, how do you want to be remembered? That's a difficult question.  Yes. What's up, friends?  Welcome back to the School of Hard Knocks podcast.  I'm James.  I'm here with Jack and Josh.  And now we have an incredible guest for all of you.  We're sitting with David Stout, who has become one of the pioneers in the AI ​​space.  You have created a company, Web AI, which is now valued at how much? What is your company worth today? We are publicly valued at two and a half billion dollars. And what percentage of that company do you own ? Around 50%. So you're a multimillionaire, my friend, on paper.  How are you feeling, friend?  For those who don't know,
you grew up on a ranch in Michigan .  Is that right? Yes. Yes, sir. And now you're a billionaire on paper.  The company is growing enormously.  We'll have some big news soon, right? How are you feeling, man? How did all this happen? Yes. So thank you for inviting me.  It's a privilege.  I always love catching up with you all.  I love what you're building. We need more people to build good things in Austin, so it 's always good to see you all.  And, well , starting a business is difficult, especially when you come from a non-technical background.  So where I grew up, the idea of ​​creating a technology company was probably more than a pipe dream.  I don't even know anyone who's done it.  I didn't have any examples, that's for sure.  Well, but I think there are many analogies or parallels with growing up on a farm that apply to almost any type of business.  The farm is a business.  You know,
you raise livestock, you do hard work.  My house was heated with a wood stove.  Many people don't know this , even today, when at 4 in the morning, about 500 meters from the house, we had a wood-burning stove outside that we filled with firewood and cut the wood in the summer. We would stack it in the summer and then use it in the winter, and it had to be planned and sorted correctly to have enough firewood for the whole winter.  In Michigan, winters are harsh, just like in Washington D.C., where winters are bad.  But there are many fundamentals for problem-solving that arise from that.  And now, looking back, I see that I am glad to have lived through those experiences because they helped me to face the challenges of being young, to be persistent, to not give up, and to keep striving.  WebI's work is not finished.  We 're not even close to finishing.  Guys, we're about to return to this
episode, but, quick, look, every week we bring you direct access to billionaires from all over the world. Founders of eight, nine and ten figures from all over the world.  And I don't want you to miss any of these conversations that are broadcast live every week.  So, before you go back to the episode, head over to the link and click the subscription button so you don't miss any episodes.  That said, let's get back to the episode.  It's difficult to create a business.    You already know that.  It's difficult.  So, when you look back, it's always good to celebrate how far you've come.  But let's not celebrate too much, look at it and say: "Okay, how do we continue to deliver value to our customers, our investors, and ultimately , the people we haven't yet impacted?" For me, it's a great sign that we're on the right track to keep doing it.  How do you approach the concept that you can create
wealth through technology, and specifically through artificial intelligence? And I asked you because it's very easy for someone who comes from your environment and has that small-town mentality to think that they're not going to leave home, that they're going to work on the farm, that they're going to do something in agriculture, that maybe they want to open a restaurant someday.  Since we're in the DC area, it also happens that for many people the true definition of success is seeing everyone working in government.  So, when were you exposed to this concept that one day you could create your own multi-million dollar company in the technology sector? Yes, I would say that you didn't really expose me to the technology sector until I got to university, to be totally honest.  In high school and university, I dedicated myself to computer science and creating things. Which school did you go to?
 Well, in high school I went to a private academy, which was a radical change for me.  I went to Brockway Academy and, thanks to it, I had access to computers.  It was a school where you learn at your own pace.  I met my co-founder, Ethan.  For many people, university wasn't a priority for me.  I wasn't even thinking about it. I think that's more normal in my hometown, where university is something complementary.  Some people did it.  Did you stay in Michigan to go to college?  I did it for a while.  I went to a small business school called Davenport and, in my first year, I founded a web services company.  That was because I was passionate about computers and creating things in college, so I realized I could make money doing something I had a native ability for and wanted to put it to the test.  My roommate and I created a web services company. We made it grow considerably. We had 60 clients
in the first year offering web services.  We were doing back-end web services before some of these drag-and-drop website builders existed. How much was the company earning at that time? I earned a lot.  I mean, it was kind of variable because we were university students, but you know, 750,000 a year, did you drop out or finish? I didn't finish school.  Okay.  I'm earning 750,000. Yes. Yes. That's a good sign.  I mean, and it was irregular, right?  So, as a college student, suddenly, Ethan and I were getting checks for 60,000 in a month, and we were just two guys in college, right?  So where was Davenport? Davenport is more or less in the center of the state.  It's in western Michigan.  It's in Grand Rapids. So, were all the bars rented out on weekends? Was that what was happening?  We had a room at Grace's residence, a sister school, and also an apartment, so we made sure we could manage
everything.  But it was like a moment when I was taking my first steps.  But if we go back a little further, my father was always doing something.  He owned a farm, and he had various sales jobs.    He was always doing something extra.  And my father had a car accident when he was young.  He was hit by a truck that was riding a motorcycle and was left in a coma.  The result was that he did not graduate from high school.  And one of the coolest stories about my father for me is that he immediately had an entrepreneurial streak.  He simply had even fewer opportunities than I did , didn't he?  So he bought a gas station and named it Ray and Ben Snowco.  And well, even as a child I had these ideas that things could be done well, that it was possible.  Well, the scale at which you could do things, you know, I was thinking of gas stations, not companies, but my parents gave me a good example that
you could do it.  My maternal grandfather was a great engineer and a late-blooming entrepreneur, around 60 or 70 years old, and he did very well.  And well, that's something my family shaped for me, although not exactly on that same scale.  But the idea was always there that yes, we can build things, we can create opportunities.  Yes, but nobody in my family is a technician, which is quite surprising, apart from those with engineering backgrounds.    I always feel that for people who have that first business that they end up setting up, that launches them into their entrepreneurial career.  And, obviously, for you that was the web services business, you and your partner in the style of Michael Dell working from your dorm room.  Yes. Well, for you, David, how did it feel to become your entrepreneurial journey?  Obviously, you earn $750,000 a year with the web service and you had 60 clients
in the first month.  And where did he go from there? 60 our first year, just to make sure we were on it. 60 months, I could have stayed.  That's what I meant.  That's why 60 the first year. 60 years old.  I thought, "Wow, that would be great."  Yes. Well, I got bored. Websites are easy. Yes, it's very easy.  And, well, as we were talking before , I'm the youngest in a fairly large family, a divided family. I have a full brother and two half-brothers, but I'm still the baby, the biggest one.  And, uh, like the birth order of the Bs, at least the older I get, it definitely matters, and how people operate, how they think, and where they tend to lean.  And, uh, I liked challenges, and I didn't want to do anything that other people were doing, and I can take that as my own personal problem and resentment, right?, that I have to deal with.  I wanted to do things that I believed were important but
were incredibly overlooked, and, uh, I started researching neuropathy in this idea of artificial intelligence.  So I thought websites are great, but how do I make this computer think?  And this was around 2016. And I started studying, getting any article I could on machine learning, and unfortunately there was no information about it .  It was very early on, and, uh, Ethan and I started thinking, through my co-founder at WebAI, about how we could create AI systems and we started taking the knowledge we had from website coding and applying it to runtime systems .  Ethan is one of the most brilliant engineers I know.    Back then I could program almost anything.  And it was a natural progression, looking for a challenge, but also seeing a problem that we thought no one was really seeing, which was that intelligence in machines would be powerful, but most use cases in the world cannot happen
if AI does not live close to the gravity of data. Then you started your first business with Ethan. Yes. And then my second with... actually, that's great.  Can you tell me about your relationship with Ethan? And did you ever doubt, after this first venture, that you would work together in the future?  There was no doubt when we were together in high school. Oh. We said, "Yes, let's start a business."  What made the bond between you two so strong? Were you simply aligned on where you wanted to take things, or what ? Yes, we had some difficult times.  Well , like you, I mean, everyone has seasons in their life where crazy things happen.  And I do n't want to tell too much of their story, do I ?  Because that's their story. But he has a lot of broken family on his side, and he shares that, and has shared it in some media outlets, and that led us to become true brothers.  And you know, there
were worlds where there were times when the amount of loneliness and I would say sheer poverty that he was in and we were in our community, that bonds you deeply. So he's a brother and we went through a lot in high school.  We lived a lot of life and saw a lot of things, and we felt like they were real things.  And I think what happens when you do that is that you grow up fast, fortunately and unfortunately.  So I think we grew up fast and stuck to the group we had.  So we thought, "Yes, we are brothers," and we don't see a world where we don't do things together .  And, uh, it helps when your partner is brilliant. I love that you shared that because I even see our own story.  It's like I see where we are now and it's such a blessed position, but I also think what made the connection and bond between the three of us so strong is because we also fought together.  It's like we went through
the trenches together. Yes. Things don't always go well. Exactly.  But then you realize it's like, hey, how does this person act when the bullets are flying and things aren't going well? And then I know you had started researching, okay, how can I make this computer think? Are you still at university right now? Are you going to drop out of university?  And besides that, what was your parents' reaction when you said, "Hey, I'm going to drop out of school"?  Yes, my parents were very supportive of my decision to drop out of school. I think that, in theory, my parents knew that I was going to create this and considered that it was most likely that I would return if it failed.    I do n't know, I think if my parents had been so immersed in the educational paradigm, I would have been totally different and probably wouldn't have solved the problem they solved.  So I don't think they were totally
convinced of that.  I think they were attracted to it because where we came from, university would have been a very important thing, right?  And it would have been important.  But I don't think they trusted me, which I think was a unique advantage because they trusted that if I tried to work on something, it would be meaningful, and my parents bailed out my bank account.  I remember that I stopped studying.  I was working on this AI suite and something happened with some kind of computer fee we were trying to apply for and I overdrawn my account .  My parents weren't rich or anything like that, but I remember calling my dad and he sent me money.  And that's how it was, they not only supported me, but they supported me a lot by saying to me: "Hey, if you really want to do this, we believe you're good at it." At that time, we founded the company with a $400 loan that we asked my grandfather
for to buy a machine that we shared and on which we wrote all the programs.  It was an i3 processor and we were working to achieve this dark network model which, if you see Tesla driving around, is the model that detects all objects.  It detects people, cars, and we were trying to run computer vision in the residence.  It turns out that it can't be done because the data center is too far away.  And this is what I mean by the seriousness of the data.  So, if I have a camera here and I want to process what's in the room, latency kills it because you're sending gigabytes, terabytes of footage, it has to be processed and sent back.  And that's when we had the real epiphany that we were going to invest all our time in getting AI to work on things like my phone , my laptop, my computer because if we could do that, we would have AI back home.  And you know, on these farms, it's not like you have
massive connectivity or data centers in your backyard.  Now they're trying to put data centers in people's backyards, but the idea of ​​connectivity was scarce.  So we thought, okay, let's focus on the problem, right?  We're going to bring AI to the device.  That's the only thing we're going to focus on.  Without distractions, make AI work on devices. And that was a truly pivotal moment for us.  And it wasn't an area that interested anyone.  I've had some pretty tough investors because when you try to do something like this, you have to raise capital because it's intense; you're creating deep technology and you have to get more people on board.  And I remember, well, you know, some funds that don't have this view now, and, well, Mark Andre follows me on Twitter, but I remember a meeting with A16 and, well, Mark didn't say this, but someone in the room said this: "I don't think edge AI, i.e.,
AI that runs on a device, is a big enough market ." So not everyone is right all the time.  Yes. But we founders take chips like that and think, okay, I'll add it to my resentment and I'm going to look at it every day, and think, well, it's not a big enough market, I guess.  So there is real value in identifying a problem that people don't care about at all .  I think founders get discouraged very easily when they believe that no one recognizes the problem. Actually, there are two scenarios.  The problem you're solving is stupid and nobody cares, and that 's a risk.  The other thing is that you're focusing on a problem that nobody understands yet.  And when Ethan and I were working on this, thankfully it was definitely a problem that nobody understood yet, rather than us being crazy.  I think my favorite business rejection story I've ever heard is Walt Disney's, because it's like thinking
about the concept of a guy in the 1930s, 40s, and 50s going around saying to people, "I want to set up a theme park," " Yeah, for cartoons," "A mouse, " etc.  It probably sounded crazy, and the amount of rejection he probably faced before, and until, obviously, entrepreneurs go through a lot of things like that .  What was that moment and that experience like, or at least what has it been like up to today?  I'm sure A16 isn't the only one you've spoken to, so could you tell us a little bit about it? Could you talk a little bit about that? Could I add something to that as well? Well, I think it's important because many entrepreneurs don't realize, or at least speaking only for our viewers, I don't think they realize the level of persistence, faith, and self-conviction that you need to have in what you do to really succeed.  What I wanted to add is when did you realize it was time to go and
raise capital, right?  Because, obviously, there's a kind of, you know, you manage on your own to a certain extent, until you have that honest communication with yourself and your partner, with other people who tell you, "Hey, you should probably go raise money for this company."  So, could you start by telling us something like when you and your partner said, " Hey, this is all right, but we need to go raise some money"?  And also to allude a little to that persistence and how it all happened. We wanted to prove that it was real.  So we have to go back in time to 2017 or 2018. AI is not real yet.  For many people it's just a smokescreen.  They don't believe it's entirely real.  People have been talking about her for a long time.  I'm not sure it's going to work, and that increases the complexity.  We say, "Hey, we're not going to use any kind of cloud computing."  So let's increase the complexity.
 We will increase complexity and restrictions, and we believe that is the future.  So, to get people here to show solidarity, AI is still unproven.  The only places where it barely works are in things like Google and the cloud for search and machine learning techniques.  And we say that the future of AI is in devices.  It will be operational.  You'll have AI in your pocket and it will work right there, so you won't need a data center to make this possible.  And we demonstrated that we had a working model on an i3 processor, which was the system of the darknet.  And we got a pretty significant improvement in capacity, and that was the moment I knew we could sell something.  So we had a technology unit, as if we had a bias.  So I thought, "Well, we have a bias, we should raise money to turn it into a product."  We have a technology that we believe is useful.  And that was the moment we decided
we were going to raise funds, but we didn't raise funds with an idea.  I think that's really dangerous.  I think that's where founders lose control of their companies, to be honest, because you don't have a company yet.  Ideas are cheap and everyone has ideas.  It's as if it weren't like that; I've never really understood the value and individual ideas.  I think execution is the difficult part, while ideas for delivery are as plentiful as grains of sand . And when you say that people lose control of their companies just for the benefit of the public, is it because they lose a lot of value and equity within the company because it's just an idea? Yes. So, if you come to me with an idea and you haven't done anything to prove it, I assume all the risk by giving you capital, right?  So, your job as a founder or entrepreneur is to reduce risk every day.  That means you'll retain more.  This means
your company is worth more, and therefore you'll get more customers if you do that.  So, my assessment was, how do we reduce risk from day one?  We're going to prove it.  Instead of coming in with a presentation, let's show them a demonstration of AI running on a laptop.  And that's what we did. So, when we got to that point, man, we met with a lot of funds. And I don't want to do it; they have their own wall of shame that they will have to deal with themselves.    It is not my intention to speak ill of all funds because, in reality, I love Andre and that whole team .  But when you look at some of the funds we met with— I mean, we met with all the usual suspects—it was... I mean, it's tough.  I think statistically it's 20 negatives before you get a yes.  And that's if you have a startup backed by venture capital.  Your pain tolerance as a founder has to be extremely high.  I think that system
is smart because you don't want to invest in someone who isn't suitable.  So, even to get into the realm of being a venture-backed company, if someone has accepted venture capital money , you can do some quick calculations and assess whether they are persistent. Yes. But I think it's a testament to you as an entrepreneur, because you mentioned that you have to accept those 20 no's in order to get a yes.  And I'm sure many of those "no"s are quite credible investors.  I'm sure they have a good track record. So, when you go there and they tell you no to your idea, that can be extremely discouraging.  What was it like when you received your first big "no" from someone you admired as an investor? What was that like Wow, that's the worst thing you could possibly think of .    I'm referring specifically to all the hours you dedicated to that company. I would compare it to a child who makes a drawing
and has his father tear it up in front of him, right?  If you admire the person you are meeting, then the situation is somewhat analogous to that one.  It's quite painful. Although it is important because they are often right .  Well, they're not wrong in how they see it.  However, many of the funds turned out to be wrong.  Whether they made a mistake at that time is another matter.  And I think there are founders who give themselves too much credit.  The N.O.  They help shape businesses.  The N.O.    It helps shape your career path. Those battle scars help you operate, I think, with more clarity sometimes.  I don't want to give myself too much credit, do I?  We've had some incredible investors come in and say yes, like Mark Beni, who invested in WebI.    I mean , Mark is amazing.  So it's not that we've had bad luck, but you have those moments and I think they shape you, right?, to be the
company that is the complete opposite of what they think you could be.  And how did you initially meet with some of those large companies before you were backed by very credible investors?  You know, Bernie is a multimillionaire.  Salesforce is your company, right? Yes. Salesforce.  As?  Yes. How do you manage? How is it possible, before being a credible founder, capable of raising money and reaching a multimillion-dollar valuation, to even arrange meetings with people at that level?    Do you spend a lot of time in San Francisco or what? Yes, you walk down the street, right? You travel miles and you do it.  And you get a lot of cold emails, showing up in lobbies waiting, you know, waiting for someone to answer you. Fortunately, I was immediately connected with a phenomenal investor.    His name is David Schuman and he operates from New York.  He is very discreet.  But when you look at who
he is and who he has invested in, he is a generational investor.  Well, and it will become very well known in the coming years, as some of these companies go public.  But one of their initial or early investments was Aura Ring. Oh.  Oh.  Well, David was one of the only investors who found out what we were doing.  I was reading a US government report on AI and I was mentioned as one of the scientists doing something interesting in the US. It was an NSA report on AI and David ended up coming to Michigan and, well, you know, he took a chance and called.  I remember him telling me that he called some of his friends at some of the big Bay Area funds he had co-invested with in the past and said, " Hey, I'm going to meet with an AI scientist in Michigan."  And he told me that many of them told him, "There are no good AI scientists in Michigan."  And the good thing is that now many of those people
who said that have invested in the company.  But at that moment, right? You need a David Schuman, you need someone like you, every founder has their chance, and that moment really changes the course.  So we had to knock on many doors and do the right thing when nobody else was doing it, insisting on the goals with companies and clients.  Customers are a great way to attract investors, aren't they?  You profit from a customer who returns to people with capital. And what we were seeing is that we were delivering for our clients, we were generating interest, we got some investors.  And once you get a really good investor who is a great partner, it's easier to turn a profit. So, in other words, leading with results is the best way to sell. Yes it is.  Yes. You can't sell just an idea.  You have to sell with delivery I'm curious, David, to know what you think about, you know, right now we 're
seeing that over 90% of the money in Silicon Valley is going to AI companies.  But even so, there are prominent founders like Alex Karp, who recently said that most AI companies will not exist in the next two years. Yes. Why do you think that is? And why do you think it's a consistent perspective among many prominent founders, especially someone like Alex Karpin? How do you plan to challenge that? Yes. Well, Alex has many opinions on many things, and six months ago, Palunteer was a delivery mechanism for Anthropic.  And now, Anthropic is a supply chain risk and is acting like it never used it , right?  So, I think if we look at the facts, there is this reality where much of what Alex says is true, but this is a new epiphany.  And what he says is true is that companies with founding models are not as valuable as they claim.  And I think that's fundamentally true.  Why do you think that is?
   We 've never... Well, we don't value general intelligence in the markets very much .  And general intelligence, for example, I don't hire people in my company who are generalists.  Hire experts.  And this concept, if you listen to me, and you can interrupt me whenever you want, let's say that you and I are creating competing companies, and you have an Opus 48 and I have an Opus 48 and... Now, the difference is that I ask questions that you don't ask, and vice versa.  So that's the only differentiator.  But will there be a future where these companies that created the fundamental models simply leveled the playing field, and now all the value will be captured in the specializations?  And I think what happens is that companies, as if you were leading the biggest, strongest, and best companies, are not going to use a general fundamental model that everyone is using;  They're going to use something
that no one else has access to, something highly specialized, for something better.  And that's capitalism, right?  So, just because people are leveling the playing field doesn't mean it's a real solution.    All it does is create a universal playing field.  Now everyone has Opus 48 intelligence. But how do you defeat your competitor then?  You can't .  So, as with our clients, we are making specialized models.  So, we'll go in, we'll learn about TACE, like data that isn't on the internet, like how is a chicken packaged? How is a steel foundry managed? This data is simply not available.  There are formulas inside the walls of buildings and we are building models that know how to do it very well, but they don't know how to write a poem about frogs.  So , it's almost like you're asking, "Do you know Harvey?" Yes. Is it almost like Harvey, where it's like it's solving a specific problem about
a specific industry and it's just an AI focused on the law, for example?  It would be like Harvey if Harvey went a step further and said that Harvey still uses OpenAI as a back-end.  So, they're like fast-track engineers and think differently.  What makes the world valuable?  Like James, you are different from me.  You're good at things I'll never be good at.  And the same goes for me, I'm probably a better software engineer than you. Maybe.  Are you sure about me?  Let me tell you something, I couldn't write a single line of code. But now you can with AI.  There you have it.  There you have it.  What AI won't do is build me a media empire, right?  So, there are things you're good at that are just different, and that's true for the whole room.  There's so much value in that, because I talk about this all the time, like the example I give, regardless of whether people know it or not, and this
is great advice for networking.  I like to use the example of Tom Brady, right? Tom Brady is undoubtedly the best American football player of all time.  Michigan.  Yes, you can argue about basketball and baseball.  There's no arguing who is the best NFL player of all time.  It's Tom Brady.  However, there is something that everyone here in this room can probably do disproportionately better than Tom Brady.  Whether it involves writing code, perhaps interviewing, creating content, or whatever else this entails.  So, could Tom Brady surpass us in American football? Of course.  But there could be an exchange of value if there is something we possess that might add value to it.  So I think what you 're saying there, accepting the differences that people have, is really powerful advice, especially if you put it into practice. You don't want intelligence to be flat, do you?  So, is the future really
that convincing? And does the free market work when everyone's intelligence base is the same?  Not working.  And that's why it's so discouraging for people. Superintelligence, as described , is not very appealing.  Okay, you lose all your jobs.  Realistically, there are two outcomes.  One is that AI will be so good and so general that it won't have employees, which I think is most likely, and there are some cost structures that we can talk about from basic economics.  That's why I think the second one is the most likely: the second one is that the world will end up owning its own models instead of renting them .  And that's why I think it's the most likely option because you can look at what happened at the beginning of the 20th century with the coal miners, and the coal miners rioted because they wanted to use their own tools. The mining companies didn't want them to do it .  The mining
company said something like, "Hey, you have to use my tools."  Why did it matter to them to have their own tools?  Because it was freedom.  If you're a contractor, you want to have your own tools because you might work for anyone. And what I think is going to happen, if we look at Meta's spending, Meta spends $50,000 per year per employee on tokens.  What do you mean by tokens ?  To the use of AI. Okay.    So $50,000 a year per person Oh.  How long is that going to last?  What's going to happen is that Zuckerberg is going to say, "No, I hired you and any intelligence you have to pay for is on you." So what's going to happen is that this idea of ​​fundamental models that do everything is going to be minimized.  What's going to happen is that people are going to say, " I need a cost-effective way to have intelligence. I want to own my own IQ points . I don't want to rent them out. It hurts
car rentals or Ford Motor Company. People can choose. And people are going to want to own their intelligence. They're going to want to pass it on . So one day you'll have children. And James, you should be able to have an AI model that has learned from you, that has lived with you, like the iCloud of AI, right? And that model should be something that belongs to you. It shouldn't be turned off. It should be on your devices. And if you want to pass it on , your children should be able to talk to it. Hmm. Why not? And there are some reasons not to. Because they don't want that, because they want all the data to go through those companies, like an internet company. But the good news for us is that AI isn't an internet technology. And those companies that host it in data centers are losing astronomical amounts of money. And I think that, ultimately, an intelligent civilization is  The most convincing
form of intelligence. It's like what we were created to do. We were created to contribute, to collaborate. I think a real sign of intelligence is when someone asks for help, right? We'd almost think that if we saw someone trying to hang a TV on the wall by themselves, their IQ was low, but for some reason, when we observe intelligence, we say, " Oh, no."  It has to be centralized.    It has to be like a model that governs them all."  There is simply no data on that and no natural example of it.  Guys, we'll be back on the podcast with David Stout soon. But before I do that, I want to highlight some of the most important lessons he's teaching us right now .  He talks about how every founder should leverage and use AI in their business and the importance of being persistent.  And that's why I want to talk today about High Level, which is a comprehensive sales and marketing system that we use
in all our businesses in the school of life.  It helps you create your calendar.  It helps you create your business CRM.  It helps you automate your text messages and emails.  And it even automatically tracks all those clients, whether you're making presentations to investors, trying to close that big deal, or have lots of leads coming in organically or through paid marketing, High Level can handle it all.  Capturing attention is one thing.  It's difficult. But what's even harder is turning that attention into real revenue for your business.  And that's the system that HighLevel does for you.  So do n't waste any more time.  Download now , click the link in this video's description to start your High Level trial today and watch your business change forever.  That said, let's get back to the interview.  I find all of this super fascinating and I love what you said about how, you know, you
don't want to be a generalist.  As if you were a jack of all trades and master of none. Yes. And that's not what's worthwhile in today's world.  I know there are probably a lot of people watching this podcast who are part of our audience that wants to delve deeper into AI.  They want to be part of this revolution and, obviously, they are recommending that one become a specialist.  What do you think is the future of this industry?  Obviously, you could talk a little about what you do, but even more so if you took that out of the way, if you were simply someone watching this podcast right now and wanted to know how they could become AI specialists. What would you recommend they do? What would be the most appropriate path they should consider if we base it on a practical use case? To become an expert, you have to use the tools.  And I think we're entering an era where you need to take advantage
of the fact that OpenAI and Anthropic are letting you pay Uber rideshare dollars for a Ferrari and are subsidizing your education and return on investment, right?  So, you're getting a great return right now for a $20 subscription. It's not costing them $20. I always thought in the chat room, how much would you actually pay for something like Claude or ChatGBT?  And I think I realized that I do n't think people would like it, I think if they realized how much it actually costs, right? So I would accept the grants right now and just make the most of them, learning everything I could. But what I would do in return is preserve my more tacit knowledge.  Well, WebAI will soon be launching a consumer tool that I'm very excited to share with you.  And, well, it will run on your device, like if you downloaded it on your MacBook, and it runs the AI ​​locally, but instead of running a model, what happens
is that we let people, when they are incorporated, do something called personas.  And a person is a new type of model called a collaborative model.  So, James, you would have one person, I have one person.  They have different access to different knowledge bases, files on my computer.  And what happens is that when you ask a question , the web AI automatically chooses the combination of models to solve the problem. Yes. So, whether you're working on an aircraft engine or you're, you know, making coffee, the correct models will activate at the right time.  What happens in that case is that the cost is absorbable because everything is run locally.  And we're just choosing the right intelligence for the right problem, which means the results are always much better on a benchmark basis. So, instead of getting a general answer, you get expert-level answers.  Well, what I would focus on if I were
in the industry is how I leverage my TACE knowledge, like what I'm good at.  How do I file it somewhere?  As the intelligence economy gets closer and my ability to create models becomes easier, I will be able to do it.  I believe that in the future we will sell time in AI models. I will have an AI model that people can subscribe to.  And I believe that in the future, when we own our own models, it will be a source of income.  And I think it's really compelling that the School of Life has its own AI model, hopefully with web AI, right?  So you have your own model.  And that's a truly compelling future. One unconvincing future scenario is that we are all renting time on the same intelligence;  It's a bit like The Matrix. Something that really worries people is that people will lose their jobs because of AI.  You know that instead of an employee preparing your dish at Chipotle, there's a robot
giving you the perfect spoonful, the perfect portions every time.    We cannot allow that.  How are we going to get an extra steak?  A little more about that.  But hey, put a brother in.  Yes. Is there anything about AI that scares you? No, there's nothing about AI that scares me .  There are things about people and companies that scare me. What do you mean by that?  I believe AI is no different from any other innovative technology.  I think the real danger lies in the people who run it, who choose its direction, what they build with it, and how they use it.  Morality cannot be regulated, and that's tough, isn't it?  And that's a real thing.  And I think the current trajectory we're on is n't working with the bigwigs who are leading right now. The good news is that capital markets are catching on.  So I think there's a kind of responsibility that happens naturally, almost physically, with
those companies.  They're burning too much money. So I think it's encouraging to see that. I believe the best possible future for AI is one that mimics the Second Amendment, where you have the right to own AI and we should have the right to own our own intelligence, and a future where that is disproportionately in the hands of one person because they found a way to pressure the government.  That's worrying, isn't it?  So why should we trust a person ? Why should you trust me? Right? Right?  So why do I have the right to decide what people can do with their intelligence? At any time, when someone is pointing at me or telling me that I'm the one who should do it because I know more or I'm the most credible or I care the most, they're usually the people you'd put at the back of the line to do it.  So I think companies scare me, people scare me.  I think the markets are discovering it, the customers
are discovering it. Yes. You mentioned the people who run the ship.  How many employees did your first company have? Only two.  And how many employees does WebAI have now? About 200. Yes. So, who taught you leadership?  Because if you have, you know, 200 employees, I want to know how you learned the principles of leadership in order to run a company with 200 employees. Yes. Be flexible. Yes. Be humble, as humble as you can.    We all have egos in some way.  It's hard not to have it, isn't it?  But you have to admit that you have one.  And I believe the key to leadership is serving your team.  And I am a big advocate of servant leadership.  I am a big advocate of one-on-one meetings .  I don't do individual meetings.  It's too much.  Clear.  I think you're a leader in groups. Clear. When you reach this size.  Every morning we have a very important meeting each week that lasts several hours
with the leaders from all over the company, and that's the time of peak brain activity, between 9 a.m. and 11 or 12. Do you know how fascinating it is that your company is valued in the billions and you only have 200 employees?  It's crazy.  I didn't want to interrupt you and I thought, "That's amazing."  I thought: this is crazy.  Yes, that's one of the things about AI companies that I find fascinating: they don't have to be huge teams, and yet they can cause a lot of damage.  Yes. Yes. I think that leading has been a lesson for me about comparative advantage.  Looking at the people around me, I have a great board of directors.  I have Dane Dave Burn , one of the founding partners of Benchmark Capital.  Oh.    She's on my board of directors and she's been amazing.  You know, Bill Girly, I think he was there too.  Dave is an amazing guy.  And he knows talent better than anyone.  She's the
one I call if I have questions about talent or people. Let's talk about that quickly because you mentioned that to really stand out, you need to have experts working for you. So how did you manage to get the best in the industry, the very best, to come and work with you and develop the technology for your company? Yes, it's great because I think we do .  So I got the best advice from Dave Burn, who worked for Apple.  Like when Steve wanted to hire a CEO, he called Dave Burn.  So Dave is objectively one of the best in the world at talent placement.  Did it help him bring Tim Cook on board or what? No. I don't want to tell his story for him.  But he, well, in short, told me, "Hey, Steve, you're the CEO. I'm going to hire someone you're not going to like," so it was the right decision. Brilliant. So he told me, "No, I'm not going to do it because you're the one and I'm going to choose someone
you won't like."  Yes. And he has such an innate sense that I feel he's passed on a little bit of Dave Burn through his mentorship and his time, and I've been able to recruit top talent. I recruited Jason Rathg, who was the founder of the Office of Strategic Capital at the Pentagon. It represented a huge amount of the War Department's budget .  And he came with his entire team to lead our military team, our defense team.  What was that, Mike? Wow, that was incredible.  I mean, we're doing a great job. Simply put, I think that based on the asterisk, something might be wrong.    I might be wrong here, but I believe we are the fastest-growing public sector software team on record. Congratulations.  Palanteer, Andre hasn't grown any faster.  In our first year, we already have a FAR12.  U 12 means you're direct, that we already have a main contract.  We entered the market with the government less
than a year ago and we are already major players.  That business has been incredible, and Jason has run it.  He's doing a phenomenal job.  We recruited Dr. PJ Makish, who was at Eric Schmidt's SCSP .  He was doing strategic work in AI there, and we hired him to run our lab.  Learning how to recruit has been a constant process.  Therefore, I believe that if you reflect the values ​​that matter to you, people are naturally drawn to you, but then people can smell the lies.  And I think if you're incredibly consistent and consistently say what you believe , people will repeatedly be exposed to these great people and say, "Okay, he's saying the same thing he said a year ago." Yes. And people are drawn to that, and it's been able to recruit some amazing people. And he's been able to recruit an incredible board of directors. Yes. And I think if you look at a company from top to bottom and see that
expertise in the right people, it can give you a clue about the kind of problems we 're solving because the people we're attracting are simply amazing, and it's a testament to the team and everyone involved. When I first mentioned leadership, the first thing you said was that you had to be able to be taught.  And when we met, we were working in a coffee shop in downtown Austin.  Well, you approached me and mentioned that we knew someone in common with that name.  Let's mention it right here because I just returned from Africa with him. By the way, one of the most wonderful people I have ever met, Henry Ker .  He is an incredible human being.  I mean , you wouldn't have a clue.  Not to take anything away from him, but it must be acknowledged that this guy has managed to create multi-million dollar companies.  He's an incredible investor and one of the best human beings.  And he is a very God-fearing
man, and that comes across through him.  But you mentioned, and I'd love for you to talk a little bit about it, that he's guiding you in that aspect of your life.  That is, yes, Henry.  Henry and I have been taking turns at night, but...yes, he's someone who has been coming into my life to be like a mentor and I haven't met with him in a while.  I need to do it.  My public relations firm in DC has a very close relationship with him.  How did they initially meet?  We met through a mutual relationship.  If you know King Pinkston, my signature in DC is very similar. He does a lot of things there. Yes. Like you know King Pinkston Clear.  Yes. That group. But you also mentioned that he is guiding you from a religious point of view Clear.  Yes of course.  Can you talk a little bit about your faith? Has it always been something that accompanied you as you grew up or...? Yes. Well, faith has been,
you know, my brother became a real spearhead of faith in my family's life.  I feel that faith was very important to my family.  But they didn't always practice it.  And I remember that my parents definitely wanted to raise us within the faith.  But my brother is the person in my life who truly made it happen.  And I began to see the value of, you know, we have to ... At first it didn't make sense that people didn't believe in anything. And as I grew up, I thought: well, especially in the world you're in , you know what I mean? In the world of technology, it is truly nonexistent. No, it is.  Yes. There isn't much faith.  And for me, when you start to delve into the technology we're talking about and the things we see, we find more and more evidence that we don't know everything, right?  And that there is clearly much more than what we see.  And what has been really important for me is that
I think there are a lot of negative connotations in the market with people of faith.  And I think that 's unfortunate because some of the people who have treated me the worst in business have been people who advertise faith, which is just sad, and I think that has created some negative connotations when people evaluate it. So, for me, when you say faith, you're a Christian. Yes. So when you see people like Henry leading by example, no one can say anything bad about Henry, right? And how can you live in a way that makes it so universally clear who you are that no matter what people think of your faith or what you believe, your story and who you are is so ingrained that there's nothing you want to do without reproach?  I suppose that's what I'm trying to say in short.  And well, I've contacted some people I trusted and told them, "Hey, I need people in my life to guide me and hold me accountable."
I want to be a great businessman. I want to be a great father.  How do you balance all of that?  Balancing it without losing anything, right?  Well, you have to do it, we can't do it alone.  We need a lot of support and we have people who are like a support system, and David Schuman is a great mentor, and Henry...we need to connect more.  But Henry practices what he preaches , right?  So I can see how Henry manages his success and that's a good example of how I'd like to manage mine. Mhm. So, what is web AI?  Excuse me , what is web AI doing now ? What do you think will be coming soon?  5 to 10 years old, male.  What's coming, man? What are you building right now , man? Wow, we're building a lot.  What excites me most about what we 're building is our consumer launch.  I think it's very important to bring AI to everyone and to spread AI in a way that makes it yours .  I think it's going to
be almost shocking for people when they get it and have it, and that nobody can take it away from them. Mhm. It's as if there were no limits to the use of web AI.  You're not going to be asking to do something.  It's like a pop- up window.  It's like going back to midnight. $20 more for... Yes. Yes. Come back at midnight or pay me 40 bucks. That's not going to happen. So what I think is most exciting about this is that the distribution of intelligence for the first time is going to be owned by the user, which is really exciting.  And when we think about launching products, we always think about slow and fluid, and fluid is fast.  We expect it to be released in August , which is crazy.  It's been a lot of work to achieve this.  It will run entirely on your device, without data centers.  You can use it in airplane mode.  It is one of the best intelligence tools in the world. When you say it
will run on your device, what exactly do you mean by that? Is it something like an application that runs locally?  It's an app.  Yes, we created the interface.  We have done the integrations.  It's a web-based AI application.  Downloads from our website.  You log in and WebAI loads a model onto your machine, and that AI model resides on your hard drive and is there, and when you start the application, the model turns on, you communicate with it.  You can create new models within it.  Then you can create a content model, a marketing model.  Perhaps there is a salesperson who is your favorite salesperson in the world or a role model.  You could find ways to create models that think that way and that could help you.  It's truly a creator economy.  Everyone is excited about AI because it has created this software.  Everyone was writing software and it was great.  Want to know what's cooler than
writing software?  Create AI models.  And WebAI is launching the first application that allows anyone to create an AI model. And it's not just rapid engineering.  And I hate that it's not like GPT, where you can get a model that's been told to act a certain way. It's like we're actually sending you a tool that creates AI models on your laptop. Oh. And you can share them with the world. So I'm really looking forward to that moment.  And I think it's going to be a real worldwide bestseller.  And we've never launched a consumer product.  All of our revenue and clients have been in the public sector or in the commercial space.  Opening a new market represents a great opportunity for us.  We live here in the center.  We live in Austin, Texas.  And you also have some exciting news that happened recently: you have your company in one of the largest buildings downtown. One of the greatest.  Yes.
Quite impressive. Congratulations, man.  How did that come about, man?  I think that's everyone's goal and dream: to one day have their logo, their company name, on the side of a building .  So that's the building, I mean , as soon as you mentioned it and showed it to us, we knew exactly.    It 's incredible, man.  How did that come about?  Yes, it's a lesson about making sure you ask, isn't it? Well, the story goes that I moved to Austin, I needed to find office space and I didn't need a lot of space, but enough to bring in a small team of 20 people.  I started looking and found a place south of Congress.  I toured it and made a couple of visits, very interested.  It looked very neglected, so I thought, "Great, this is going to be cheap."  They showed it to me and it costs a million dollars a year.  One million dollars. Yes. And I thought, "Okay, there's no way we can do it. It's just an
empty warehouse, but it's in a really cool graffiti area and it looks very startup-like, and startups like to pay for things that look cheap." But I thought, "I'm not going to spend a million dollars to make it look like I'm spending 20; that's not a good idea. Right now, it's not a good decision for us. Besides, we didn't have any money, which is also a good factor. Well, we searched and found an office space where a company had gone bankrupt. Basically, it was open, and they left all their stuff there. There's furniture everywhere. First, that's a win. Furniture is expensive. So I went and talked to my president, David Schuman , and said, 'Hey, I think we can get this space.' So we came to an agreement. He said, ' Keep it as long as you can.' I made them an offer for 10 years. They accepted. What I asked was if they would give me the naming rights and the sign on the building if I increased
it to a certain point. They said, 'Yes.' There are two realities at play here. First, they thought, 'Dude, we really like this guy, and we're going to let him put his sign on our building.' Or two , which I think is the most  Probably, there's no chance of that happening. Yes. And it's a good story. And as always, ask and make ridiculous requests because sometimes, when they're that ridiculous, people accept them because they don't believe they're going to happen. And you have to live with that radical mindset that you're going to make ridiculous things happen. You have to be a little delusional, that's what you 're saying. Yes. And getting on a ship and flying, getting on a ship and flying would be delusional, but getting on a ship and crossing the world and finding this place is pretty delusional, right? Well, I mean, the best things we've done never blow their minds. Yes, that, that, that
was good. Hell, that was good. So, David, you're one of the smartest AI minds I've ever spoken to, listened to, and learned from. You know, obviously I've spoken to you before. You also spoke to our entrepreneur community. What I want to ask you is, for everyday business owners , if we could give them  If you had three to five practical tips on how they could leverage AI in their businesses right now, what would some of them be? Some things you would implement immediately in their companies if they aren't already. Yes, I would buy low-cost consumer/commercial hardware that I can start putting as much AI workload on my infrastructure as possible. Because right now, what's happening is that a lot of small businesses are being held back by token caps and velocity caps. So, if you're not familiar with tokens, when you buy AI right now as a small business or user, you could say that buying AI
is like subscribing to the platform, like you 're buying time on a tool. If you're subscribed to a monthly membership or an annual membership, you'll have a cost structure based on a base license, which basically means you have to pay this regardless of any other circumstances. But then you have these variable triggers that you 're using to buy time. And that's what I mean by tokens. And one way to offset that risk right now is local hosting. And a lot of companies are starting to do this, and it's really compelling and powerful. You saw the Openclaw moment, when people were buying Mac Minis and automating all these tasks—think of it in an enterprise sense, where now you can buy a couple of Apple Studios, put them in your office, and they can be on 24/7, and you can have them run AI tasks. And I think it's better to experiment; if you're just starting out in AI, it's better to experiment
with low-cost vectors, right? Where, like me, I'm experimenting with local computing, your only real cost is your electricity and buying the machine. And if you're a small business, that machine will be useful to you whether you decide to continue running AI on it or not . So it's a pretty low risk. I know a couple of large companies that are starting to migrate to that, and it seems like it's something that's just around the corner in the next three months. A lot of these machines will be sold out to businesses. So I would do it now, right? I would go and get access to the hardware now. And I think there's going to be a  A huge number of people are moving towards local services, so there will be increased demand for that entire market. And what is a data center for people who don't know ? I want you to, if you could, explain it...because, again, I want to make it clear that there are a lot
of people who consume different types of content, obviously high-level entrepreneurs, but everyone hears about data centers. But for those who don't understand, they're popping up everywhere . How would you describe it to people? Yes, a data center is a centralized computing center. It's a computer the size of a building, right? It's a massive computer that requires incredible cooling, electricity, and power. So that data center is seen as an endpoint where, if I request a chat, it has to be processed somewhere. All that processing takes place in that data center. It's powering AI. It's powering it; it's what AI actually operates on. AI lives in that data center. You know how I feel about it, you remember the  Early computers and how enormous they were. They took up the entire space of this room. Early computers—that's what data centers feel like today. Yeah, it's a terrible mistake. And
it seems like genuine web AI is literally attacking that same problem. It is, even if web AI did n't exist and I was doing something totally different. Someone has to solve this problem. People are fed up. It's not very fast. I want to talk about this. Okay. Yeah. Families settled in Northern Virginia. Yeah. Virginia is a very historically significant area. You know, you have a Civil War data center there. You have a Civil War battlefield Put a data center there. Exactly. You have the Battlefield of Manasses in Josh. What happened? What happened to your mother? Yeah. Well, okay. My mother worked at a plant nursery. Oh, no. And it was, I don't know, probably about 100 acres or something, and they bought it outright for $160 million , I think, just like the land. And they said, "Yeah,  We don't care about the garden center.  "We're just demolishing it." And they only have one data center. And
Virginia, Northern Virginia, is right now the data center capital of the world. It's crazy, literally. You'll see the Civil War field data center. It's crazy. It's horrible. You can almost imagine what they're doing in rural areas, like, for example, with farms. It's like, you need a data center to power your John Deere tractor, and it's like the data center is killing the cornfield. So it's like they 're competing, competing on metrics, and it's like the picture that comes to mind. Have you ever seen a one- megabyte or one-kilobyte reel of memory coming off an airplane? I have to look it up. So, there's like a crane, and it's like this big reel, and it's like a kilobyte or something ridiculous. And yeah, I would say we're making a bad investment as a country if we continue to do that. And we have to be very careful because, uh, the analogy I like to use is, uh, when we think about AI or
any  Information technology type , do you know Union Pacific and what they did? Uh, no, I mean, I'm sure the viewer isn't, so I'll explain. Yes. Well, Union Pacific was one of the first railroad companies, and I love this story because, uh, it's almost relatable with any kind of technological advancement. Union Pacific wanted to lay railroad tracks all over the country, and they did, which was critical because, how are you supposed to get from New York to California without railroads? Uh, why doesn't Union Pacific handle our travel today? Airplanes don't fly [ __ ]. I mean, trains don't fly [ __ ]. So, you have these airplanes coming out, the Wright brothers and Kittyhawk working on new technology. And then Union Pacific is saying to the world: we need more railroads. We need more railroads. What do we use railroads for today? Bike lanes. So, so to speak, there's a real rhythm to what we're
seeing here. And the bet we're making with data centers is not only risky, but  Which is a gamble that's very unlikely to be the core of our society. It's like buying a laptop and replacing it in three years. So we're going to build all these data centers and think they're going to be there for a while. It's like we're destroying a lot of jobs. And if anything, there has to be some better solution, whether it's sending them to the bottom of the ocean or, why not, sending them straight into space. Yeah. I mean, or what happens is you become so efficient that you don't need them. So I think it's a huge risk. Well, David, this has been an amazing conversation. We'd like to end our podcast with two quick questions for our guest. I'll start. Jack will finish . But you know, David, if you and I were to die tomorrow, if everyone in this room were to pass away, and you could leave us and the younger
generations one last message right here , what would it be? That's a tough question. Yeah. But pretty easy, I guess. You'd learn to listen to God and listen to God. So you have to learn to detect  That voice. How did you do it? How did you do it? I think we all have moments where we hear very clearly, and it's not an audible voice. It's not like schizophrenia, you know? It's like... but it's like when you know what's right and what's wrong, you need to learn to listen so you can identify it. Why did you choose Christianity as your religion, or why did you decide that's what you're ultimately going to follow in your life? I think it's the only religion. It's not a relationship, it's a relationship. It's the only one, it's the only thing that's been real. It's fundamentally real. So, it's not like I tried to practice another religion, but it was revealed to me, right? Right. And it was something
that fundamentally made sense, and it continued to make sense as I studied it. And I'm not the smartest guy in the world, not by a long shot, but I like to dig deep, to learn, and to read. And there aren't many of these books, a lot of them fall apart. Not that one. Mhm. I love it, man. Thanks, man. I appreciate it. And  David, you're building an incredible company, incredible relationships for yourself. When all is said and done, how do you want to be remembered? I want to be remembered as someone who cared deeply about people, who loved them deeply, who treated them with respect, and who loved his country. And everything I get up for in the morning and do, I want to see America win. I want to see the people win. And I don't think we're going to win the way we're going now. And I want to win. And I want us to win not just during my lifetime or any of ours, but I want to be remembered as
someone who fought that battle so we could have a compelling future . I want to be remembered as someone who cared about the next generation. Powerful answer, man . That said, man, that wraps up today's episode. If you enjoyed the episode, please like and subscribe for awesome content every week on the Hardnox Podcast, because we bring you the most incredible minds and entrepreneurs from around the world.  Right here , on the Hardnox podcast. We'll put the links in the description so you can follow David and his journey, his social media, and his websites to learn everything you can about web AI and the incredible work they're doing. We'll also put a link in the descriptions to access the Mentor School, which is the world's number one entrepreneur community, where every week we give you direct access to our network of millionaires and billionaires, and where we host live calls with the 8,
9, 10, and 11-figure entrepreneurs we interview at the Hard Knock School. So we can't wait to see you inside. That said, see you next time.