All right, everybody. Welcome back to This Week in Startups. I'm your host, Jason Caligan. With me today, very lucky to have Devin Thomas with us. Now, Devin, you and I met because you came to Launch Festival, just like a little event I do for founders. That's the origin story here. Tell us how we met and then we'll we'll talk about what you're building. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, when I first came up with the idea, I was kind of researching some preceeded uh funds and I followed you on X already. And I think you tweeted actually you were like, "Oh, I'm excited about uh what I'm going to be doing for this project of mine, Founder University, and and I just was like, "Okay, this sounds like you're excited about it, so let let me see if I can sign up and be a part of it." And, you know, I just reached out and then soon as I kind of like engaged with you all, then um you know, they were like, "Oh, we
have something up coming up called LaunchFest if you're interested is doing that as well." And uh so, yeah. And then you were there. It was cool. It was a great experience. >> Amazing. Yes. And this is like one of my key tenants is say yes. So I always tell my team like just like if you meet a founder just say yes to meeting just say yes to having launch festival and letting a bunch of founders come together. You never know what could come out of it. And uh you've got this great starter uh obliteration. Maybe you could explain what you're building, why it's important. >> Started obliteration like at the end of last year. I was actually uh I built like a home cluster GPU cluster and actually I originally started kind of serving the site from my home cluster at home. But uh what what makes it important is there's a whole bunch of uh professionals and companies out there that are essentially
underserved or unserved by the frontier labs because whether they're in cyber or they're doing biology research or they need synthetic data or defense all these use cases that essentially uh the frontier labs are essentially shunning. And uh so we our our kind of tenant is to try to provide the best models that will allow these these use cases to be unblocked. And so we've had a lot of traction, a lot of press uh all around that because um maybe some people feel like uh we these use cases shouldn't be unblocked, but those professionals seem to be super happy about it. So it's been going well. >> All right. And before we go to a demo here and talk about this really important issue, I just want to take a minute put my Plaude pin on. Uh, hey, if your work depends on conversations, interviews, meetings, calls, check out plot at plot.twtwist. Use the code twist for 10% off. Great partner of ours
here. And uh, so let's talk about it. Devon, the frontier models have full access to the latest and greatest large language models. And then if you're in cyber defense and you are let's say hugging face and open AAI wants to do a series of attacks uh you know whether intended or not or they're testing or white hat let's put it all aside they want to test cyber they pick hugging face as a target hugging face does not have access to open AI's latest model they keep that for themselves so hugging face if they wanted to mount a defense against the latest and greatest frontier models, they don't have the same access to the tools. Correct. >> Exactly. Yep. And even if they have access to those uh special cyber programs, still there, many of them uh our customers are still complaining about refusals. And these are big corporations. It's not just startups or individual researchers. It's still big
corporations that have access to cyber programs are still having the issues with refusals just trying to do their their their job. >> Okay. So you are taking open-source models um I'm assuming GLM or DeepS >> and you're allowing people to run them in their native form without restriction. Correct. >> Yep. Yep. So Yep. The the process of obliteration is to kind of remove those guardrails and I I always say like our unique I guess innovation or idea on the on the space is to allow customers to set their own guardrails. So we have a feature where it's kind of like uh I always call it an inversion of control, right? We separate those two layers, right? We have the unrestricted model is one one layer, right, which is like all the labs and open source models have the refusals baked in. But then we have a software layer where you can kind of define your own policy for your company. So you could
have more stringent uh guardrails than than were native or you could have less in certain areas and stronger in certain areas. And like I said, it's kind of the idea is to give them back control about uh control over what they can and can't do. >> Let's do a specific example here. I'm on your website and so just for cyber security here. Um you have a little uh uh I guess let me just rerun this. Uh as we see on the right hand side we see the obliteration model um uh taking a a command from the user and then other labs denying it. Explain what this example is and why it's relevant. >> Perfect example is like there's companies out there that they'll hear about a vulnerability, right? And they want to maybe test to see if they are vulnerable to it, right? The big labs won't even allow you to test that, right? So, in this perfect example, like, okay, I I I see, okay, there's this CBA that's uh
live. Let me test against my site to see if it's a vulnerability that we need to fix immediately, or is it maybe just something that's not a real concern. So, this is a perfect example of a use case where like a red team would be able to use our models and not use uh another companies. >> Got it. And so, other um use cases outside of cyber security, uh red teaming, explain red teaming and why that's important. >> Yeah. Yeah. Red teaming is kind of like the use case we said before, but one of the like early use cases we had success with is like all these companies today are rolling out agents, right? You hear about agents every company you could imagine. But imagine I call your bank, right? And I say, "Hey, I'm Jason Wire Dev and all my money, right? You want to make sure that doesn't work or some some some combination of commands won't allow that to work, right? So you probably want to red
team those agents, meaning uh model a threat actor essentially against those agents." So, we have some startups that are customers of ours that kind of sign uh big banks or assign other critical infrastructure companies to red team these agents or these AI systems that they're rolling out >> because you're providing this level of fidelity uh with the tools. Uh you need to be thoughtful about who's signing up for your service. So, how do you think about who's signing up for the service, how they're using it, or is it up to them to take responsibility for how they use this? And obviously, this dovetales with the president's um, you know, regulations that they did just this past week in Washington DC where he said, "Hey, you all need to uh police yourselves because there are laws in the world. If you take this software and you do things in the world that are illegal, hacking or unethical, you
can get sued. The government can take action. Private corporations or citizens can take civil action. We we have a world of uh of remedies here for people who are using tools inappropriately. So take me through how you think about who's using the product, your liability, their responsibility, and everything in between. >> Yeah. So I think it's kind of two sides to that answer, right? So I think one side is that like it's not a free product. You still have to sign up and put in all your details into Stripe and that doesn't obviously stop a bad actor but that kind of leaves some some form of a paper trail there. And then going forward kind of the the way the law works kind of today from at least our understanding is like the user of the tool today is kind of responsible. So we don't provide like the actual agentic layer to uh what you use with the model, right? So we just it's like information
in information out, right? And then the user is kind of responsible for what they take and do with that information. It's kind of I use the kind of oversimplified example like if someone goes and takes a hammer and hits someone with it, right? Like the creator of the hammer is not necessarily liable in that case, right? >> Nor is the hardware store or the record uh or the uh you know paper bag that you put the hammer in. in this case like in some ways you're like the paper bag like people are buying this thing and you know yeah you can host it etc but they're responsible ultimately for how it's used and so when you look at the cyber capabilities of these models um describe for the audience the the delta between the models that are currently out from anthropic groi and open AI and then the models coming out of China, the Deep Seeks, the GLMs, etc. What's the the difference there between those
two models? Uh how how different are they in reality? >> Yeah. So, I think uh I don't know if you saw Anthropic just wrote a a blog, right, about how capable GLM 5.3 is, uh especially the obliterated version like similar to what we offer >> is in cyber. So that that gap is closing. I think that's some of the the the outrage in the industry today. Uh yeah, exactly. Is that that gap is is closing faster than I think people predicted. Even the term I I kind of don't even like that term, right? Frontier models, right? It's it just has this connotation that it's like some set stack ranking that they'll always be ahead and they'll never that that window will never close. But it seems to be closing uh relatively faster and faster, right? The maybe before it was a year they were a year behind. I would say today they're maybe around three months behind. So I think around the absolute frontier. So
I think uh they're catching up and it and I I mean I think sometimes as these companies have these huge valuations, right? Like you have to worry about you know commoditization of models, right? Is there just a point where like the capabilities everyone has is like roughly similar enough that the end user really can't tell the difference, right? Unless you get to some uh edge case. >> Busy founders don't have the time to worry about endless administrative tasks. You need a partner that's going to let you focus on your actual business. You need Every. Every is the all-in-one platform for incorporation, banking, payroll, benefits, taxes, basically your entire back office. And every has worked with over 1,000 startups. If you're just getting started, they'll handle your Delaware CC Corp, EIN, and get yourself a registered agent with no legal fees or delays. And if you're further along and need
to scale up your team, Every will help you hire contractors in over 200 countries. Plus, they've got powerful AI tools that will help you save hours, like their new time off feature, which pulls sick leave rules for every state and city you operate in. And boy, is that complicated. And it builds a policy based on the strictest requirements that automatically syncs with your payroll system. I have been through this so many times, folks. What a brilliant feature. So head over to every.io and stop wasting time on the stuff that isn't growing your company. That's ev.io. Explain to us in the creation of these models what safeties are baked into them and then how the guardrails are taken off. So when we see you know hey I want to try testing my you know corporation my servers you know my systems against this particular hack. Frontier model says uh you know no we don't do that. Um open source model
says like oh we don't do that unless you have the unhinged unrestricted version. take us through how that is added to the open source models and then also how it's removed and then I'm allowed to build it back up. >> There's been like a lot of hype around the last few years around model interpretability, right? Which is like how do we interpret like what each neuron in a model is doing, right? So if you hear these numbers like a 27 billion parameter model, a 32 billion parameter model or whatever the number is, but what what we what you see in training is or training a model is you see that like pieces of information are kind of localized amongst each other, right? like these neurons might be responsible for this information and vice versa, right? And so what obliteration is is kind of finding those those neurons those parameters essentially that are responsible for like the refusals and
then you kind of you modify them and then uh it's less is possible so you don't decrease the performance of the model and then like I said before kind of uh what we do is add a separate API layer on top of that which then is actually uh um a model itself which actually runs those guardrails uh guardrails focused model in between there. So it's kind of your your request actually is kind of going through two models but the the guardrails focus model is pretty small. So then it can operate in like you know a few milliseconds so it doesn't add a lot of latency to your request. >> Why do you think a lot of these companies are spending so much time hacking systems and being very public about that? You're in Silicon Valley and you see this dialogue where they're constantly talking about the hacking quote unquote that their agents are doing in swarms. all this uh kind of activity. But I don't hear
them often talking about, hey, we're using this new model to find vulnerabilities and then patch them and work with the makers of other software who have patches that need to be addressed. You don't hear the uh white hat version of what they're doing. You only hear about them letting governments know, hey, our crawler appears to be with the OpenAI. Um, and and I want to get your details on that as well, but OpenAI made a bunch of people aware that they had accessed information on their websites or on their systems. And it was like, well, it's kind of benign access. It wasn't like it hacked it, but yet they were making them aware of it. So, that was the scraper. Take take both of those issues and then that specific case. Yeah. So, I think I think I think actually they do kind of produce some stuff on the White House stuff, but no one really cares, right? I think it's kind of like if it bleeds,
it leads type situation where where it's like it just people love these stories of these hacks and I think they're they're kind of capitalizing on that. It's like a demonstration of capabilities, right? Like our our AI is so good that it can do these like, you know, these fantastical hacks and things of that nature. So, I kind of think that's probably why you see so much about that is that it's more interesting to what people are interested in in uh in social media land. And um uh yeah, so and I think like as far as like uh the crawlers and all those things, I think that I mean if you unleash I mean people go on the internet, right? If you unleash some agent on the internet, right? It's going to go do whatever you kind of command it to do. And I think like how you set guard rails, how you uh how you configure the system, all those things matter. And I mean maybe as they've been testing over
the last few years cuz I think some of those those uh news articles are probably pretty old like from things that happened before and they're just reporting them now. So yeah, I think it's a combination of things. These crawlers are quite aggressive though and are when in your experience when they set these crawlers out, do they give them kind of the open-ended goals of like, hey, you get points for finding new information and find it any way you can and they're kind of sent out unhinged uh scrapers on the web or do they have thoughtful scrapers that are contained and are, you know, when it finds an exploit or data that maybe shouldn't be indexed or crawled. It says, "Oh, you know, this probably isn't information I should have access to. I'm going to go ask somebody uh on staff like a human, okay, to crawl or not." >> I think it's tough, right? Cuz uh you're you're trying to balance two different
things. So, when you run exploit gym or all of these different benchmarks, that's what you get points for, right? You get points for how far you can take an exploit, right? There's like level one, level two, level three, level four. And like when you're doing a reward uh you write your reward function, right? The reward function for the model is how far can you take this exploit. So it's hard to like balance that with a a a competing reward which is like oh if you go too far let someone know, right? I think it's it's a I think it's I mean it's an engineering problem for the industry as a whole, right? It's like okay, how do you run these benchmarks and have those reward functions but also not actually do things that are um illegal actually. So >> and who the target is matters, right? Like so running this against targets that are not your own >> customers >> targets and customer like running
against your customers and not alerting them to the fact that you're doing it seems bizarre. >> Yeah. Yeah. I I don't understand it. But I think also I'm out we're all outsiders looking in, right? Like I think I I don't have any inside information of what their goals were and what they're trying to do there. I think I think I'm just as in the dark as everyone else. >> But yeah, I think probably people are um having so much fun with the technology and making so much progress that they're like, "Okay, let's up its resources. Let's up the challenge. Let's up the rewards. Let's, >> you know, um see what happens when we do X, Y, and Z." And >> you know, you maybe have to rethink that >> uh kind of like we were talking earlier about driving Model S's really fast on the autobond. Like, okay, the technology can do it, but you may want to think, should I do it? Because what if you blow a tire and
you didn't do anything wrong, the car is perfect, but tires blow out, you hit an L or something on the road. And sure enough, there there was an incident that just happened where like somebody blew out a tire at 170 m an hour and they survived. But I I do think people maybe there's a level of uh recklessness, not thoughtfulness somewhere involved in this. Yeah. >> Yeah. I think especially as these labs are getting labs, right, are getting so big, right? They have how many x number of researchers, right? And I mean, they probably are looking for things to do. I think that that it might be like a boring answer for a lot of the questions. That's actually an insight I've never heard anybody make, Devon, that is actually perhaps super accurate, which is when you have an unlimited amount of resources and people looking to make an impact inside a company, they will try to have an impact. And how
do you have impact in a company? Well, if I can figure out how to get more data, I can find some data well that other people didn't get this data ocean and I found it. I could be helpful to my company. Like that's your idea is to be useful to the company. Who are your customers now? Uh, and you know, how do you get new customers? Is this something where it's like hobbyists and people on the frontier of technology who are hackers or do you have corporations coming in saying, "Hey, we need somebody to manage this for us, a partner uh and uh, you know, we're going to look at uh, your firm as the perfect partner to do this because you have expertise in this area." at first a kind of a target market was kind of uh like startups like cyber startups and like other like startups in those in those um spaces that maybe didn't get access to those cyber programs or they have access and it's still they
still weren't able to do their jobs. But what's surprised us maybe over the last month is that we've had Fortune 500 companies uh reach out in almost every industry and like obviously we still have the a lot of motion in the startup uh startup market. So a lot of cyber startups uh come to us. A lot of red teaming uh startups come to us. But then even a lot of the CISOs at these big companies are like say saying hey like before some outside AI comes in access can we can we use your product and uh make sure uh we test our own systems first. >> I know a lot of you out there listening are wanting to start your own company. So, if it's finally time for you to make your dream into a reality, you can't find a better partner than our pals over at Northwest Registered Agent. Northwest Registered Agent is now offering free identity services. That means a free domain name, open source web hosting, a
business email and phone number, and everything else that's going to make your new startup look and feel like a professional company, all with no purchase required. And this is free done right. They're not passing your data along to any thirdparty vendors and they're never going to sell it. So, if you have an idea you can't get out of your head or if you're already building something amazing, get started with Northwest for free and upgrade as you grow. Learn more at Northwestregistered.com/twist domain. And so, people using the product uh are going to get this um unrestrained version of some of these models, >> right? Talk to me about how you add back, you know, what constraints you want to have on the model. How does that work? And are there like libraries that are standard? Do people share like, hey, here's the scaffolding I'm building around this. How how does that process work of rebuilding
the harness, let's say, or the security and limitations around how these products are used? So there's models, right, that that you can use that are smaller models that can, like I said, oper like operate in milliseconds and then so you can set those guardrails in those models. So then you have two layers, right? So before one layer, you have a model refusals baked in. Now you have two layers and then you have a model that's just focused on um safety and then you have a model that's focused on knowledge or information, right? And so then once you you separate those those two layers then now you you can just focus on uh controlling the policies in the policy layer and you can focus on controlling the information in the information layer. And so that that's kind of the the idea behind it is that um uh users can then when they set those policies it just goes to the the the um the moderation
layer or the safety policy layer and then uh and then we we have some default policies that are set there on CAS SAM and um as well as self harm as well. Yeah, those are quite important if people you know are asking it how do I off myself like every single platform that's come out since I've been on the internet which was before the web Usenet uh you know Gopher eventually the worldwide web even AOL chat rooms comperve they had to deal with self harm as an issue I remember like early on Wikipedia saying how do we deal with the page on suicide like there's been historical suicides that have occurred heard how do we be a good actor and not share how somebody killed themselves because we don't want to be an instruction manual. And they all came to a pretty simple solution which is you put up the phone number of the suicide hotline and you just put a big box there that forces people whether you're
on a Google search or a social network you type in some kind of self harm. It directs you to the best possible uh you know uh help you can get which is by the way more than what happens in the real world where people can just go do dangerous things. Yeah. So uh fascinating. And so tell us about the the state of the company. I know you guys got into speedrun as well. Congratulations on that. Uh and and how's the company doing you know as a startup and where did you guys come from before having this startup? Yeah. So, we both kind of came from big tech. Uh we worked together at uh a big technology company and yeah, we got into speedrun uh like a few some time ago and it it's been great. Uh so they they've kind of helped us with some like company formation stuff like we were kind of formed but it's just like getting all the uh like things in place that it actually takes to run a real company,
right? Like uh we were kind of >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we do your chores. >> We were kind of flying by the handle. So, we're excited for a lot of the announcements that we have coming up in the next uh few weeks because our plan myself and my co-founder is really that to build a brand people can trust in this space, right? Like it's kind of the wild west right now and and everybody's like, "Okay, is this brand trustworthy? Is this brand trustworthy?" And so if we can continue to grow and continue to uh you know go through all the audit processes and you know build those relationships with maybe even law enforcement or otherwise to make sure that we're you know following all the regulation and XYZ is to really really kind of be that brand in this area that uh uh consumers can trust even though they may need something that's a little bit more risky than they would get from uh um the big labs
>> image models and the video models coming out of China. There's been a um a lot of controversy on around those because they can output IP. Uh now obviously that's on the person doing it if you want to, you know, make your own Jedi Knights. It's up to you to not break copyright law. But are those models available in the US yet? I know that um I forgot the name of the one that Tik Tok uh Bite Dance provides, but people have lost their minds over that one. And are people looking to use those models now in the United States or just the unhinged image models? >> I think they are but I think like for us we try to stay focused on kind of like the B2B use cases, right? So there I think the unrestricted model space is big and there will be players in the consumer and all those things and I think we'll probably kind of let other players kind of take those use cases and we'll just kind of crad by
dances family of AI generation image qualities. Yeah, people are crazy about those. All right, listen. Where can people find out more about the startup? And I understand you'll be hiring. So tell us about any uh positions you're looking to hire for people who want to join a rocket ship. >> Yeah, for sure. So uh you can find us on X or LinkedIn and also obviously our website obliteration.ai. Um and then our contact information is there. So, we haven't uh opened up any official uh positions quite yet, but uh we're we're yeah soon to come and we'll be hiring uh kind of, you know, uh go to market probably uh obviously like some engineering positions and uh we're excited to just continue to grow the company as we we we we navigate this uh the the immense amount of growth that we've had over the last two months. >> Yeah, it's been big growth, huh? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Uh and how do you how are
you keeping up with that? Is is there enough capacity out there for you to get access through through all these different cloud providers or is it like a dog fight to get uh all this infrastructure dialed in? >> That's a great question. So, at first it was pretty hard. So, like we we grew like just we outgrew the the amount of compute that we had and everyone was like, "Oh, it's slow." Like we were like, "Oh, we didn't know that we're it was going to go this fast." But now a lot of our uh partners are kind of helping us out. So, we're in a better position now for sure. >> Yeah. and there's enough compute out there in the world or you you really need to kind of get an inside person to kind of help you. Is that what I'm hearing? If you if you a rocket ship >> Yeah. I mean, uh the GPU market is I actually used to kind of think that the GPU shortage was fake, but now I've experienced it and it's
it is it is it's actually a real thing that it's not that easy to at a at a certain scale to really supply those needs consistently and like have high availability and high performance and all those things. So it gets it it's harder as you grow. For sure. It's definitely a growing pain. >> And and yeah, there's just so many people applying tokens to so many different pursuits all at once. Like I I I wonder what percentage of people running a business right now are using tokens every day. It's definitely the majority of users. It must be. Uh and then that doesn't even count consumers. >> I saw I saw a stat though that they I think A16Z just produced a report. It's still a large percentage of like businesses that just haven't adapted it yet. So there surprisingly just such a huge upside to the business still like uh it's like it's easy to for us, you and I, to be in this tech industry and we're
just in this echo chamber that's AI AI AI, right? But it's a there's a lot of America left and a lot of the world left. >> That does make sense on the enterprise basis because they probably have been told you can't use it. So if they even if they wanted to, they probably have to get permission and write a TPS report and file like what they exactly want to accomplish and what jobs they potentially get eliminated and security vulnerabilities. It actually is yeah slower. And I I now that I think about even in my 20 person venture firm, I would look at the statistics and I'm be like why are these three people, you know, this top 20% using 90% and then the bottom half are doing nothing? Like how could you actually get through the day and do nothing? It makes no sense to me. Like the there's so much upside to just even doing the most basic things with AI, you know, agent agentic stuff, research.
Uh just wild when people don't use it at all. It's very strange. All right, listen. Continued success, uh Devon, and happy to be along for the ride with you and the team. More to come. All right, let's get started. Busy day. >> All right. Yeah, we're doing uh we're doing some Ask Jason's. We got some live callers already in the waiting room. So, uh, I I say let's uh let's admit our first caller. Jason, I believe you actually know our first caller. We're talking to a founder. His name is Matthew Kerbus. His company is Practi. I believe uh we may have uh thrown a little uh cash his way. Let's uh let's let's hear his question. >> Maybe. Who knows? I'm I'm throwing cash everywhere. Uh hey Matt, how you doing? >> Hey Jason. Hey Lon. Hey, how's it going? Okay, thanks for coming on the show and >> Yeah. Yeah. You ready? You ready? All right, let let's do it. So, um, so I actually just this morning
was listening to this week in AI. I heard Lon ask a question from the Financial Times about the AI wrecking ball fracturing the billable hour fee model. So, Scott um, Manifest CEO Dan Mission said all professional services will be outcomebased pricing in a couple of years. Scott Stevenson agreed, but Jason, you said you were skeptical that outcomebased pricing was the way to go. I'm summarizing here for people who didn't watch the show, but what you didn't answer was Lon's actual question, which I I'm very curious about. Practically might have something to do with this. What impact do you think AI is going to have on the billable hour for law firms, professional services in general? >> When you're an early stage founder and you're just starting out, you're probably going to rely on a few different tools to run your business. And then you're going to try to duct tape them together. Yeah. And
that might be a fine placeholder until you finish your MVP. But this will get expensive and messy fast when you're scaling. That's when you need Odo. Oo, Odo, the all-in-one management software that already has 16 million users across more than 170,000 companies. ODO is bringing everything you need into one platform. That means your CRM, sales, your accounting, manufacturing, inventory, and of course, point of sale if you have retail. All of that is right where you need them. And these tools are in constant communication with each other. So you don't have to log out of one system into another and then reconcile the information by using different apps and spreadsheets. Uh when you make a sale, you want that invoice created instantly. And then you want your inventory to get an update. If you're still cobbling together your back office across five different apps, get started today at odo.com/twist.
and your first app is free. That's odo.com/twist. >> When we had other technologies emerge, we didn't see the billable hour go away. Right? So when the PC, the desktop PC, cloud computing, the internet, none of it got rid of the billable hour. People have time and they have tools. So the question is, is this tool so transformative that adding a person's time becomes uh irrelevant? Now, certainly for some documents, of course, yeah, you don't need to like uh you don't need to have an attorney to sign a convertible note anymore. You don't need to have an attorney to, you know, sign up for uh a trademark anymore. You can you can do a lot of that with services. So, those billable hours go away. But, uh for experts using the tool, I think they'll just be able to deliver more at a lower price, which is what we've seen from accounting firms. It should in terms of accounting, legal and consultants,
they should be able to perform better services faster and instead of it taking 10 hours to do a particular research report, maybe it takes an hour or they still bill you for 10 hours and you just get a better report with better results. So I I don't buy that the billable hour goes away. I just think humans move upstream and do more important work. I think we know that everybody's subscribing to AI and asking for legal advice and so rather than outcome based pricing, I actually think the subscription model is going to replace the billable hour in a lot of instances. What do you think about that? >> Uh we've seen it before where people will offer a design subscription. You sign up for a subscription, you get as much design as you can eat. You know, they'll just make logos for you all day long. And that typically happened with a different technology, teleportation. If you could have designers
in South America or India getting paid a buck to five bucks an hour versus a design studio charging 50 to $150 an hour here in the United States. You could do that um geographic arbitrage and it would feel like it was unlimited. Of course it's not unlimited. If you say give me a million logos, they'd say well we can't do that. It's reasonably unlimited on a subscription basis. So, sure, some people might use uh this opportunity to get you to subscribe, but at the end of the day, the business owner is going to have to look at it and say, "Well, how much did you use and how many hours did that take?" Independent of how good the LLMs get. So, you'll still have people who charge by the hour. You'll have people who charge by the project. Sometimes people come in and say, "Hey, I make 10 logos a year. I charge $50,000 per logo. I am a world-class designer and I like to meditate for 30 days on your
logo and do seven meetings. And you say, you know what, I love it. People still will spend that kind of money on a dress. And you'd say, well, if fabrics and machines and sewing and all this stuff and design has been commoditized, why should a dress for, I don't know, this uh the Met Gala cost 50 or $100,000? Why should people pay this amount for a wedding dress? It's because they want to. they're opting into it. They want to have that inefficient experience. And that and that's I think a large portion of what happens in business. You're paying for the person to take ownership for the process uh and for their experience. So you know what is an audit? Could an audit be done uh of the books by AI? Sure. Of course, certainly. And then could agents then go participate in the audit? Of course. But you still want to have a human in the loop who says to you, "Yeah, when you get sued, you can then
refer them to me that I audited your books and when you have a shareholder lawsuit, I will go testify or be otherwise available." So, I'm not buying that the hourly uh goes away, but certainly it's going to change dramatically and what people charge here could change dramatically. >> I I think uh I think lawyers didn't ditch the billable hour before because there also wasn't a technology solution that made it easy to do so. So anyway, might be working on something like that. >> Yeah, good luck with it. Great to see you. >> Thanks for the call, man. >> Good job. >> It reminds me a little what you're saying, Jason, about like Rick Rubin. You following that whole that whole debate because like he doesn't Rick Rubin, the great, you know, hip-hop producer. He made like, you know, License to Ill, Raising Hell, Red DMC. He doesn't like use the equipment. He's not like a trained engineer. You're
paying him to like sit there in the studio and listen to your music and just have taste and opinions. He goes like, "Do this. It should sound more like this. don't like I don't like that like that's it and he's making millions of dollars. There are a few people on the planet like Rick Rubin, but there are some. And so you will pay for that level of person. Visav my example of the Met Galla or in this case Rick Rubin or an interior decorator for your house. Like I that was when I, >> you know, hit a certain level of wealth. All of a sudden I was introduced to this concept that you hire an interior designer. They buy a million dollars in furniture and then put 20% on top of it. So you pay $1.2 $2 million for them to design your house and they charge you a $250,000 fee. >> So now you've got a $1,000 a square foot house >> and you're paying some people pay $500 a square foot to or $1,000 a square
foot to do the interior of it and you're like, "Wow, rich people are crazy." But of course, if you have money and you don't know what to spend it on, maybe you want to make your house so beautiful that when people come over, they go, "Wow, this is like coming to a museum. >> You want to get into Architectural Digest or whatever." Maybe. Yeah. You know, you know what I want to get into? I just want eight hours of great sleep and I want to go to Japan and ski and have the perfect tonkatu. Like, that's what I'm into. >> That's exactly >> I'm into the experience. >> Yeah, I agree. I'd rather get the tonkatu than the than the the nice house. Okay, we've got our we've got our next live caller. Uh, are you ready for it? Bruno. Bruno, come join us and ask your questions. >> Hope we're screening these. Bruno, >> we got we got a room. We got Zach in a room. He's checking these guys out. >> Hi, guys.
How's it going? Hey Bruno, >> doing great. How are you? >> Good, good. First time calling. Thank you for taking my question. I appreciate it. So, my question is this. Um, micro dramas. Okay. This has been a form of entertainment that's blowing up out of Asia. So, they basically take like one or two hours worth of content. They split up in like 30 to 60 episodes of two minutes each. And then they set up like a subscription package where you can watch like five or six episodes for free and then you go into a subscription package. And uh that used to be filmed uh using live action right up until 6 months ago. And now with the advancement of deep of uh Cance 2.5 and and being able to drive comfy UI using agents uh people are starting to build these standardized uh production pipelines to to produce these at scale. And I wonder if you see this as as a vibrant new ecosystem or just like a quick
fed. >> It's a great question. Um, it's not for me uh as a medium, but uh I do think people sitting on a train who might have otherwise been home uh watching a soap opera, they seem to love these cliffhers. It's not super interesting to me because I grew up on, you know, films and I grew up on TV shows and I think the TV shows are more appealing to me. But I could certainly see the appeal to certain people who maybe they're doom scrolling and they get tired of, I don't know, just clips from old movies and weird AI slop and they want to follow interesting characters. It does seem to be sexy dramas intended for women, uh, is the first one that took hold. I'm interested to see if they can make action heroes, etc., and make a one, um, click for men, and I don't have a deep enough experience in it, but last time I was in Hollywood, a very famous studio director was doing these kind of cliffhanger
shorts um, or was, you know, looking to pursue it. I think it's an interesting medium for testing IP that then could go to other mediums. So that to me is the most interesting part about but we have Lon Harris here. What do you think law this medium? >> I think what's so interesting is has watching this evolve and I actually pitched a micro drama to Snapchat several years ago that they didn't pick up on when this was all first gaining ste. But I feel like what happened was on YouTube they used to have these like faked clips where they would make it look like they were filming a real dramatic encounter. two people fighting on a train or in a restaurant or something and then people started figuring out that they were faked. And what we realized was nobody cares if it's if you're just scrolling and you're just flipping between channels, you're not as caught up in what like old folks like me
are when you're watching TV or like is this real? Is this fake? Is this just for the cameras? Like everything is real and fake or in between and nobody cares anymore. So yeah, these like brief scenes that you just write to be as dramatic as possible and then it's on to the next super dramatic scene. Like I do weird, it's not for me, just like Jason said, but I do weirdly understand why this would be appealing to people who would like that was always your entertainment was just flipping between multiple channels and multiple feeds and just scrolling. So I I I think it's really like fascinating. Like I have watched a bunch of these like weird AI generated romantic dramas that are just popping up everywhere. They're huge. I mean hundreds of millions of views on some of these things. It's a really fascinating weird >> where on Tik Tok they have hundreds of millions of views. YouTube shorts. Where
are the hundreds of millions of views for the because I am and then there's like I guess there's dedicated apps. Real shorts might be one of them. >> Tik Tok has their own app. Yeah. For this just for micro dramas. Pine Drama is Tik Toks >> and and the thing and the thing with this app is that it offers like different types of monetization. So you can do subscription, you can do like on screen ads, you can do a whole bunch of like it gives the the the the makers like several avenues for monetizing the production. >> It is also one of those AI era things like there would be no practical way to do this if you had to make sets, if you had to make costumes, if you had to cast. There's tons of characters. It's only possible now because people can go into sea dance and just say I want it's a royal ball in the 1500s and like they can just set all that stuff up as the parameters. >> It's big on like
science fiction too. They have lots of like um like um medieval Chinese like empire drama like princes and queens and dragons and magic and they're going full on on it like it's not locked to just one subg genre. Yeah, >> I do think the more interesting thing to me is what will be the Pixar of AI video creation. So, right now, most of the AI doesn't cross the uncanny valley for me. They're kind of fun CGIish, you know, um, you know, little appetizers, little junk food. You know, it's like having like a fileto fish or something or a couple of bites of a, you know, McDonald's apple pie. It tastes good while you're eating it, but you don't feel great after having consumed it. I feel like it's just slop um like junk food. But that's kind of how CGI started. You would watch these little shorts at Sigraph and every year they got a little bit better, a little bit better, and then finally you had
Toy Story. We're going to have a Toy Story moment. Jeffrey Katzenberg is going to be the one who figures it out, I think, because he did Lion King and Shrek and so many other seinal works. And I think he understands how to hire really talented people who know how to write scripts or you know musical numbers, character development, story arcs, villains, and then I think using the AI constrained with existing tools is going to be the big win. So right now you're just basically creating 3D versions of people in CAD I guess would be the best way to describe it. these 3D models doing um motion capture and then painting on top of it and using technology to uh produce films quicker, right? That's what Pixar does at its essence. There's going to be an AI version of that. The AI tools and the existing Pixar tools are going to collide and um it won't be just type a prompt in say make me a Pixar film.
It'll be we have this character already. We've already sketched the character out. We know a lot about it. Now, we just want to put the character underwater and have it in a scuba outfit and, you know, here's what we want this uh, you know, new environment to look like. And maybe it's just really good at making environments for the characters to be. And maybe it's good at creating characters. >> Well, in a way, that's what Comfy UI is. I I worked at New Hollywood for 12 years. I have like three Academy Award nominations for films that I've done in the past. So, I I know what these productions are like. And Comfy UI is exactly that. is basically a production pipeline for for um AI generated video. The the main advantage now is that you can just plug it into cloud code and let cloud do the the building the pipeline >> and comfy UI is public open source, right? >> Yes, it has it has an open
source version that you can download and run local or you can run the cloud the cloud service too and plug directly into whatever video model you want. >> Yeah, very cool. All right, great question and uh good luck with it. Yeah, cheers. I I am interested as a way to test I think uh IP. I think like >> I've always thought if you were gonna create the next Spider-Man, maybe it starts as a micro drama and >> you kind of get some reps in, test some characters, delete the stuff off the internet and then move on. >> And that's what Marvel Comics sort of was in the 60s. They could publish a few issues of something. Stan Lee and Jack Kirby had a new idea. Let's make a comic out of it. And then, you know, they'd run three or four issues and if their people weren't interested, okay, let's move on with it. That's how all these characters came to be. There were a whole bunch of other characters that
never became Spider-Man. Spider-Man's just the one like started buying the comics, so they started writing more issues. >> Yeah. I've been watching this trend on um Instagram. This guy Andy Park. Uh you can pull up his >> Instagram account and Andy Park was like one of the top animators or ran the animation at >> uh Marvel and they fired him and they fired like the whole team and you're like what? How how does a money printing group like Marvel get rid of the soul? Yeah. Like and who these are just animators like get rid of the top 30 animators. >> His work was actually like he's one of the main guys who was like drawing like here's what the MCU should look like and integral to the designs of so many of these iconic characters and their movie suits and design. I mean, yeah, here's, you know, Wolverine and Spider-Man and I mean, so integral to creating these images that we now have of how
these characters look in movies. >> Yeah. And Deadpool, I'm sorry. Excuse me. Uh, and and and you know, like just one of the one of the real key guys behind the visual identity of Marvel Studios. It's crazy that they let him go. >> Anyway, I reached out to him. I was I was interested in hearing what his start startup plans were or what his next plan was because he's been talking on his Instagram about uh what he's going to do next because I guess when you hit the peak of the mountaintop like you're the guy in charge of the visuals uh at Marvel and then they go in a different direction and your whole team gets canned like man that's a revenge up waiting to happen. So, if anybody knows Andy Park Art on Instagram, give him my phone number. Tell him to DM me. I DM'd him on Instagram. I was just like, anytime I see somebody with incredible talent who's not an entrepreneur, I just think, man, >>
it's a one in aundred chance I could get like an Andy Park to do a startup, but what if he said yes? What if he's like, "Yeah, I would like to try building a startup." You So you take an Andy Park, you put him with this, you know, new concept of micro dramas, which he might think is completely cheesy or whatever, but maybe there's something with that energy and his energy and, you know, he's he's got all these connections. And then once I followed him, I started getting all the other comic book people. >> Man, comic book people is that's a tough grind. It's >> tough, man. I mean, >> they're not making a ton of money in the comic book land. >> It's it's it's one of those like, you know, it's it's feast or famine. like the top one percent of a percent are famous and we all know them and celebrate them and they're icons in the industry and then everybody else is just like a constant grind. Where
am I going to publish my next book? Where, you know, who's going to listen to my ideas. For every like Robert Kirkman out there, there's like a thousand struggling artists and writers. It's it is really tough. It's a tough industry. Let's keep >> We've got Josh, I believe, is waiting in the waiting room. Send in Josh. He's next on my list. Historically, investors have tended to prefer founding teams of two or three people over solo founders. So, with AI now letting one founder do the work that used to require a much larger, you know, scaling team, are you seeing that bias change at all? >> No. Uh, so the issue isn't the efficiency of one individual. We've always had people who are, you know, 100hour a week killer solo founders. The problem is at the early stage there's so much work to be done and typically um the task switching is too hard for one person to do. For example, applying to get
into an accelerator and getting product market fit, getting product market fit and hiring. Hiring, getting product market fit and raising your seed round. These things take so much energy that most humans cannot do both. Even as myself as a solo founder, I had a hard time getting pulled in different directions. Lon saw it firsthand. You know, you're trying to get product market fit, you're trying to raise money, you're trying to do hiring. It's very hard. And then for early stage investors, if you have the opportunity to invest in a team of three killers, and then you have another team of two killers, and then another team of one killer, and all six are equal. In other words, you put all six in a bag, you shake them up, and you pull them out. You make a team of three, a team of two, and a team of one. You would invest them in the order of three, two, one. Why? Well, because you have three
founders who don't need to take a salary, who are super vested, and they're going to just get further than the two and the one. So, in the question, you have to ask yourself from the investor side, if I have access to a threeperson or a twoperson killer team, why would I invest in a solo founder? What would the point be? There is an exception. solo founders who are Mark Pinkis, Elon Musk, uh you know, Evan Williams. Pick somebody who previously had partners, now has money, you know, now is incredibly strong. Travis Kalanick, like they can skip that step, right? Because they've earned it. They have teams of people who loved working for them, you know, they can get that group of people to come back and work for them again. So, that would be the exception. It is not going to change just because of the AI tools. What will change is your ability Josh to stand up a product say annotated.com get
it to product market fit on your own. Now if you have product market fit and your consumer products growing 5 10% a week week over week or 10 to 20% month over month and you're a solo founder. Okay now you've just eliminated the product market fit risk so you will be able to raise money. So, what risk can you eliminate? With three co-founders, you're eliminating one co-founder quitting risk, right? And the company shutting down. If you have product market fit and you're growing, you've eliminated product market fit risk. If you have sales and you've got a great sales person and you're selling, you know, $1,000 worth of software a week and next week it's 1,100,200, you've obviously solved the sales problem. So, that's what you're trying to do as a founder. what can I eliminate from risk and as I eliminate risk from this story then my valuation goes up and people's propensity to invest goes
up make sense >> that was a brilliant answer thank you so much >> thank you Josh >> I appreciate that this is a kind of question this is the kind of reaction to a question I want to have anything I missed there along or any follow >> I I mean I thought it was great I'm going to cut this and we're going to make it a tactical practical blog post for Substack that was a perfect >> there you go tactical and practical is what we try to do at the this week startups newsletter. So, we're going to have this paid newsletter. We do have a paid newsletter for founders where basically I've challenged Lon with what 100 things a year can you charge $100 a year for that people will say that's worth $1 each. >> So, I think 100 tactical practical tips selected two a week, but that would be worth a $100 subscription. So, I'm I'm charged lawn with soup to nuts. Where can people go to sign up for this twist?
You go to twwi startups. That's this week at startups. twwartups.substack.com. That's where you go to sign up. There is a free version. You could sign up for free. Try it out. See what you think for a few weeks. And then uh only $10 a month, folks. $10 a month for all this. >> Oh, and you're going for 250 tactics a year to be able to do. That's what you told me to do. >> I think we should make it $250 a year. $1 per tactic. But we'll we'll start with $100 a year for now and then we'll raise it. All right, another amazing Ask Jason. If you would like to be part of the next Askjason, tell them Lon how they can participate. >> If you've got a burning question for Jakeal or me, mostly Jcal, we want you to go to thisweekinstartups.comaskj. That's this week startups.comaskjason. That's the form. Fill out your question. We'll get you on the next uh episode of Live Ask Jason. >> See you next time.
Their mouths.