Claude is now doing 26% of Anthropic's own research. That's up from under 1% back in February. Uh they have 30,000 AI agents all running experiments and writing code and building the next claude. But here's the problem. Every AI lab is training on the same internet, the same threads, the same answers. And that internet is now flooded with AI slop. Models are training on models. It's a photocopy of a photocopy. in every generation gets a little blurriier. So, the labs are desperate for the one thing that money can't print. Fresh original human thought. Real people arguing, reviewing, coding, explaining why they believe something. And there's a finite amount of it. 10 days ago, a federal judge told one AI lab that it can't just scrape for free anymore. The pile of human arguments just got a legal price tag. Today on Dumb Money, AI is running out of human data. Here's the trade. This is Dumb
Money Live. >> Hey there, Dave here along with Chris and Jordan. We are Dumb Money. Welcome to Dumb Money Live. Uh do me a quick favor if you don't mind. Smash the like button. A real human clicking on it as of today is still apparently uh valuable training data. So, good morning Chris Jordan. Uh we know Chris, you have been building a big position in a company that is sitting on perhaps the largest pile of human arguments on the internet. And you say you might be going bigger. Is that right? >> Yeah. I mean, I I wouldn't say that I have like that meaningful of a position at this moment. It's it's it's moderate, right? Um I mean, we all know Wall Street's paying for these machines, right? I want to know like where the human signal is that the machines cannot manufacture, right? Like, >> yeah, >> I think that's what this is all about. Um, you know, I if you look at every uh piece of research
in the AI space, it becomes pretty evident that we're going to get into some kind of issue here in the next few years with, you know, just AI uh a AI uh data um becoming too large of a piece of of the source data. Right. And and you just we're not going to have enough actual human data and and and the and it just starts to build on itself. And then I I've been reading all these reports and you never know what's true, right? >> Well, and that's the biggest problem now. We don't know it's true because we have the entire human history of information and the AI bots now have access to more and more of it and they're processing more and more of it but they're spitting out more information faster than humans ever created it and it is it is a problem. Yeah, there's a thesis out there that the the data get starts to get really bad if it just becomes replicated over and over again with with with AI
data, right? I I don't even know if any of this is real. This is the problem. Like every people are throwing out papers, opinions, thesis. Like I we're in unchartered territory. I don't know if anyone can say for con with conviction exactly how this all plays out, but it seems like at a minimum buying or paying a lot of money to lock in one of the very few last remaining truly uh fresh high signal uh permissioned human data is a no-brainer for all these big labs, right? like how do they not do whatever it takes to acquire that? I I I just don't see very many scenarios where they just blow that off because if you look at Google, Google inherently has the data advantage, right? With video data, they have a huge advantage even with email data. Um, if you start to look at, you know, a couple the other labs, they don't necessarily have as much uh owned data. They have to go out and license it,
right? >> Yeah. With Yeah. I mean, with email data though, do they have the rights to to use that to train their models? Is that in the terms and conditions within the email client? I haven't looked at that one specifically. Now, X uh AI probably has a pretty good advantage in being able to use, you know, X.com data. >> Do Do you think do you think X AI is that great of a data source, though? Like >> I think it's good. So, look, I mean, so I was listening to a um a podcast where the where they're interviewing the CEO of Reddit, and he thinks that obviously the the best thing about their data is that it's highly human. It's arguments back and forth. Sometimes when we think about AI, we think about we just want the answer. But sometimes it's not about the answer. Sometimes it's about differences, opinions. It's about the argument. It's about different use cases. It's about um it's about the
journey of trying to figure out what's the best situation for yourself, right? And I think that you know you get that really good in Reddit. Um and you get that to a certain extent in X also, right? Because there is a back and forth and there's a way for people to argue about different topics. >> I I guess to some extent on X, but I think it would be highly limited to maybe some maybe technology, politics, finance. I just don't see a lot. >> Yeah, I think you get you get a more broad um you get broader topics in Reddit, right? Um >> yeah, I mean this is where you go back to, you know, something like YouTube and and you do actually get a lot a pretty good breath of data on YouTube. >> Yeah. >> Uh which makes you go back and think, wow, I can't wait to see what these future releases of Gemini look like. There are some rumors out there that this next Gemini release is earthshattering, right?
>> Traditionally, Google or Google and YouTube is a place that people go to create original things, but more and more YouTube is starting to fill up with videos that were created by AI. And we know that X, I don't know if anyone noticed, but my uh my profile on X started posting uh like a week ago. Do you think I wrote those posts? Do you think I have any reason to want to get on X? And like Chris, you're an ex-ce celebrity. You have a reason to be on there. I don't have a reason to be on X and I don't want to be a YouTube or exceed. I don't I don't want to be in their their program that you get paid for posting things. That just that just doesn't interest me. But I put my AI agents on it and they started like watching episodes of what we do here and finding things that they think that they might that I might have an opinion on. anyone who's writing my uh post for me. >> Yeah. Well, I think
that's some strength of X, right? Is that things are topical and timely things that are >> and and I like highly topical right now, right? And be a little bit more broad. >> A lot of people are posting original content on X most of >> another thing that's topical and timely right now given what we're talking about is I just noticed I had the I had, you know, stock chart for Reddit up and it has plunged. It has plunged and so I used X to figure out why is Reddit plunging right now. Do you know? >> Well, yeah, they they've had a revenue growth slowdown, Jordan. And >> so kind of Yeah. And so, but that has nothing to do with why it plunged right now. Um, so the reason it plunged right now is that Meta just announced a competitor to Reddit. >> Oh, how did I miss that? >> It just happened like literally this second. So unless you were trying to figure it out this second, then you wouldn't have
caught it. >> Wow. Wow, dude. That's Hold on. That's crazy. What? What? They >> I don't know any more information. That's all I know. >> Let me take a look here. Oh, you're right. Cuz Reddit was up and look at it. >> Yeah, it was up and now it's slightly down. Not a big deal, but >> wow. Um, what is this comp? So, what does that look like? Why? I don't think I don't see Meta being in a position of trust or really having the connection points to be able to compete with Reddit. That doesn't make any sense to me at all. >> Yeah. The the the weird thing about Facebook and Meta is that the way that you organize yourself tends to be around personal relationships. And the way that you tend to organize yourself in Reddit is around shared interests. And so unless they're going to totally change that model or have some forum where you do all those things, it seems like kind of a slow start for meta.
>> Dude, Jordan, they've already failed this with threads. Okay. People do not want to dig into a meta platform to share their insights and deep opinions. It's I don't see that working at all. Absolutely not. Nobody trusts Meta. >> Yeah. >> To want to sh like No, they just don't they don't like them enough. Right. Like >> I don't think it has anything to do with like. I think it has to do with with where you know um just the just the way that you've already organized yourself within their platforms doesn't make sense for this topical type of um discuss. The problem is they're trying to fix some something that's not broken. Reddit's not broken in that way. >> Reddit's not broken at all. Reddit actually has done a fantastic job um with their user experience and their value proposition. >> The one knock against Reddit right now is that they are also a victim of AI content infiltrating the platform.
>> Well, they're trying to not be. That's one of the things that they're trying to trying to make sure doesn't happen because they want that novelty. They want to make sure that it's a human connection place to go and discuss topics which also on the other hand makes it very valuable for AI training. Guys, I listen. If you just play out some scenarios over the next five years, it seems inevitable that the world is going to become consumed by AI data and to some extent AI slop. And there will be a large percentage of humans that will desire a platform where they can engage with other humans and they could also get the opinions of other humans. I don't even care if those opinions are inferior to what they can get from AI. There will be a large audience for that. And with Reddit being the number one destination in the world for human interactions and content, I'm just bewildered that this company
is not getting more eyeballs on it right now from the investor community. even before you get into the fact that their data should theoretically continue to grow in value as a training tool for AI. Even if you don't count that, um it just seems that inevitable over the next five years that it will become a really precious platform if they do their job right, if they if they continue to execute. Now, I know their >> Their growth rate has slowed. I think they only had 7% user growth um as of the last reporting cycle. Um >> but Jordan, >> which is good, >> Jordan, that's also that's also natural, right? Um >> I I think that that's a natural place to be. At the same time that you're saying their user growth has slowed, they came out and said that 5% of all the content that's ever been written on Reddit has been written in the last quarter. So it seems like the engagement is up meaningfully unless
that content is AI content. And I try to figure that out. I can't figure out how much if any of that lift >> in content being written is due to AI. So that that's still an open question. >> Yeah. Yeah. And somebody just made a comment. The entire corpus of Reddit data is available um on the dark web. Um they actually so this is the interesting thing about um Reddit is that they make their data available for free to researchers. Um and not a lot of companies do that. They just want to make sure that if you're using the data for commercial purposes that you pay and so they want >> um you know they want these people that are using it for training to pay. And um that tends to be what's going on right now. I'm not 100% sure that everybody that's doing AI training, especially if you're outside the United States, are you paying Reddit? I I don't know. Um >> yeah, but >> yeah, there are ways around
that. Um >> I I'm not super concerned there because if you're one of the top u model companies, you obviously are going to have to pay. You can't just sneak in. You can't just sneak in and steal it, right? >> Open AI. If you're one of these like blue chip model companies and Yeah. you got you have to pay. >> Yeah. I So I I I see them eventually having dozens and dozens and dozens of massively large uh you know tech entities that are going to be paying them for their data. And I just >> have a really difficult time seeing how the cost of that data doesn't go up exponentially over the next few years as these deals expire and they get renewed. How is that not a big story every time we see a Reddit renewal, you know, completing at a meaningfully higher rate than where it was previously and they just continue to raise the bar for that? There's just not a lot of alternatives. That's the question.
>> Look, I mean, so some of the alternatives have been that, you know, these companies are, you know, buying old books and doing all these things and trying to figure out how to get as much data in them as possible. And I think that's great. Um, but what it doesn't do is get up-to-date information, right? some of the old books that they're getting, you know, great. Maybe it helps the language model learn how to communicate better, but how to speak and maybe some like other information, but if you want to know, you know, anything about the latest concert or like how, you know, what should I wear to whatever, what where are people going out and any any type of timely topical piece of information, you're going to need, you know, like an X or a Reddit where people are talking about >> or Tik Tok. >> Yeah. Any any type of current information. Yeah. Yeah. Every model that's chasing basically human
judgment, right? They have to pay for it. Yeah. >> So, it just seems I love the I love the riskreward of Reddit. I I know that in the short run it's going to be very difficult to kind of figure out what happens to Reddit week by week. Like look what happened today with the meta news, right? Well, if you uh if you were playing it if you were playing this swing trade and you got in on the uh two and a half percent micro the flash crash, you would have already recovered by half now. >> Yeah. I was already kind of thinking that because I was like, give me a break, you know, like it's it doesn't make any sense to me. >> I also think give me a break on the metaphor forum. I I don't see that being successful. They've they've failed too many times at trying to branch out into new >> It seems like everybody has tried to at one point or another have the next Reddit. Uh >> yeah, >> 20 years ago, Yahoo
had something called Yahoo Answers that they were trying to be a platform where people would ask questions and and do answer. Google has one like everybody has this forum. The ones that stuck around were Reddit and then that uh that Stack Exchange Overflow. What was a stack >> stack overflow and stack overflow is interesting but it's >> it tends to be more um technical >> tech nerds. Yeah. >> Yeah. It's a tech nerd type destination and it's figure out but it's a very it's a very specific place to go to where Reddit is a lot more broad. >> Yeah. And Reddit's a great place because people do go there to argue and to share their thoughts. It's like I don't I don't spend time in Reddit, but when I need a reliable source, I'm I'm telling my AI to go look at Reddit, and that's what it's sourcing for me. >> Yeah. Well, here's the thing. It just unites nerds from around the planet on whatever their
nerd topic is. Is it watches? Is it lawns? Is it, you know, any type of thing that people could be, >> you know, their nerd out over? There is a place on Reddit for them to >> Absolutely. And there there's a very active credit card points uh network on Reddit. There's all there's a subreddit for everything. >> Listen guys, I think it's an incredibly valuable um data company. Like it's just it's absolutely incredible here that that people aren't seeing it. I do think there's an interesting trade to run a scenario analysis on and just to have a prepared mind on. And I I don't think it's a trade anyone's thinking about on this. I think there is uh a likelihood that Reddit is going to either at some point in the future get acquired or announce one or more major new licensing deals at rates that are significantly higher than they are today. And I think there will be a tiny arbitrage window when
those announcements potentially happen. if they do to trade a couple the other stocks that would move in alignment with Reddit, right, that have similar types of data. Well, maybe not similar types of data, but data that would be valued in a similar way. Um, yeah, I mean, Stack Overflow is one example, but how about Yelp, right? >> Yeah. I mean, you still need a real person, okay, to actually tell you if the food is good or bad at a restaurant. Now, I hate Yelp. I cannot stand the company. I would not want to own the >> I don't like the company and I also don't like their data. Like, I don't I don't think the people on Yelp are reliable. I think that Google reviews are much better for restaurants and for any type of business than what you're >> Dave, you're right. Which is why I have zero interest in owning Yelp except for a 5 to 10 minute trade if and when there would ever be an announcement
of an acquisition offer for Reddit or some major licensing deal that shoots Reddit stock up. I think there will be some arbitrage window to go trade Yelp uh and to go trade a shutter stock as well, right? Like for photography. So these are just some other companies that should react in a smaller but similar matter if if Reddit does kind of get that bid at some point. So that just >> if any one of them get some sort of takeover target then the rest of them are going to pop just on that news. >> You Jordan, you're correct but I do think there's going to be a multi-minute arbitrage window when that happens. >> Yeah. >> So >> yeah. >> Anyway, it's it's kind of a weird trade but these are thing I just run all these scenarios and I like to have a prepared mind. I like to have them ready to go so that let's say let's say it's a 20% chance that that Reddit gets acquired, right? like it doesn't matter
that that that's a 20% chance that one of these trades will will will kind of come into uh becoming viable and I think it's a really easy trade. So that's something I'm thinking about as well. I bought more Reddit just now by the way a few minutes ago when you guys were talking >> and quite honestly >> a relatively small position for you. >> I I would say a not not small but but moderate. Not it's certainly not like a top five position top >> medium. It's just It's just outside. It's just outside. Um, by the way, did you see bloom today? Yesterday. >> That's I was going to bring that up. >> It's been weird. It's go It goes up 12%. It drops like 12% and then it goes up 12%. >> Yeah. I mean, they're they're expanding their factory, their their fuel. So, I mean, listen, we know Bloom. We know what's real. >> The market stock every time it drops like that >> down 9% up 13%. It's a wild ride for
sure. >> Yeah, I I just I should have bought more when it dropped again. I was just kind of over not wanting to overly trade this last week. >> Yeah. >> I want to know what's going through your guys' mind just psychologically with this AI trade because I'm assuming that every investor in the world is going through something similar to what I'm going through right now. I've been trading for decades and I have never with the exception of a small period of time during COVID, I have never experienced a market where there is so much uncertainty. If you look at just the last week and you look at the next few weeks of what's about to happen, we're going to get Gemini. We have new models. We have >> AI delaying their 6.1 model because it's dangerous. We have the AI companies themselves saying, "Hey, government, please step in and stop us." Why we can't just stop ourselves, I don't know, but liability.
They just want the government to say you these are the rules and as long as they follow those rules, it's fine. >> Well, you have Sam Alman coming out talking about, you know, AIC scaping, you know, doing this is there are so many unknowns and, you know, the market completely hates unknowns. I' I've never been loans. I think the biggest problem that you have right now with the market and why you see things skipping, why you see Bloom swinging 10% a day is that is that we do have a lot of confidence in AI, right? I mean, people talk about a bubble and there is a bubble, but it has nothing to do with AI. Maybe a little bit, um, but it's a debt bubble, right? The United States, um, fiscally is in a debt bubble. Um, and there's a lot of debt that's been taken out to pay for AI. And so you've got some concerns around what interest rates are going to do. And so I think you've got a lot of people
freaked out about the levels of debt that are swimming around in the markets right now. Jordan, I think what's more concerning to me is the acceleration of model performance and what is being rumored about the models that are not yet publicly released but already exist inside of these labs right now. Not just in terms of how dangerous they could theoretically be or how they can be leveraged by bad actors, but if we, you know, very few people have been as pro- AAI as I have, but the one concern is that it moves too fast. We need time to adjust. Companies need time to adjust. Markets need time to adjust. And it's starting to feel like everything is moving so fast that it and by the way I say they're moving. You know where things are not moving fast? I went to open house at my kids high school this week and I sat through seven classes of curriculum. And do you know what was not discussed even
one time? Artificial intelligence. And this is one of the top schools in the country right >> guys. I can't even believe it. I was sitting through these classes and they were talking about curriculum that felt like the 1970s and I was just listening going, "Does anyone here know what the hell is going on right now in the world?" Because there's essentially not one thing that's being taught that I think is going to matter at all >> in a year or two. Like I I'm just I'm flabbergasted that we are still in a society where we have tens of millions of kids waking up every day where we have a magic ball that if you can figure out how to manipulate um this magic ball, you could theoretically do anything. You could cure diseases. You could potentially even predict what humans are going to do a year from now. There are an infinite number of things that we could do with this magic ball. And yet we have
the entirety of our youth waking up every morning and going to school learning things like the magic ball doesn't exist. It's >> No, I don't agree with that, Chris. I think look um and there there so education is a science and it turns out that we've been studying this for a long time and any amount of screen time that you give somebody um who's going through education um has a negative effect on how much they learn. And if you want to teach somebody AI, I think that's fine. I think it needs to be segmented away from the other topics and they need to actually be able to sit down and learn because we want to educate people. We don't want them to just think that there's this magic eightball out there that will solve all problems. It doesn't do good for human cognition. And this is >> I don't believe any of what you're saying. I don't believe any I think that is the >> this isn't belief or not
believe these are things that have been like this is not science. It's not science. That's pseudo. No, no. You're you're you're either you or some other headline that you read is in >> No, no, no, no. This isn't a headline, buddy. This is like I read books about this. >> I don't lend you the books and you can read about what books that were written when the last month >> time in front of a screen and it's not good. >> We can agree that screen time isn't good, but ignoring AI is a totally different argument. This is screen time. >> This is not screen time. >> It is screen. It's 100% screen time. >> Okay. That's like saying Jordan that someone that was learning how to code at age 16 is wasting their time because I don't disagree. Right. So I'm saying that it can be in one step. So you could have like an AI class just like you'd have a programming class and that they could then do that. But
I don't think it should be all day every day that they're just sitting on a computer interacting with AI. It's not it's it's not good for you. Now, I don't think that that's the argument. It's not sitting around interacting with AI. It is the fact that the current curriculum at Chris's kids school is ignoring the fact that AI even exists and teaching 1950 style reading, writing, and arithmetic without the even thought that a calculator exists, right? >> Yeah. Well, it turns out that using a calculator or using a computer to to do things instead of using like a pencil and paper, it has a negative correlation to academic success. >> I I Okay, academic success. Well, hold on. If you academic success is means nothing. What does that even mean? >> Yes, it does. >> I I the measure should not be academic success. The measure should be actual real difference that's being made in the physical world.
>> So academic success transfers to like test scores and IQ and things like that that um >> I don't care about test scores and IQ. What I care about >> I do. Right. So when I want my kids in school learning is actually how to learn, right? And then they can then use those skills to transfer to AI if they ever want to interact or if they need to interact with AI. But I want them in school actually learning how to learn. >> I think at age 16 they need to be learning how to utilize the tools these magical tool sets that have just become available to humanity. >> Yeah. And that's fine. They can learn that in like a period, right? So they've got like one of their classes they get to learn how to use some of these more up-to-date technologies. Everywhere else I want them to have a pencil and paper. >> Oh, I Oh, you are so >> I'm dead serious about this. By the way, I'll send you books. I will send
you like a stack of books. >> Books don't matter anymore. They were written so I don't know. You know, years ago, >> there's been no time that I'm happier that I do not have kids and I don't have any of this to worry about. Li listen I I I just there's never been a point in history where you could do so much right if you simply understand how to leverage tool sets right and I think there's a tremendous amount of learning and and a lot of very difficult brain processing that is involved with understanding how to manipulate ate artificial intelligence, how to leverage artificial intelligence, how to utilize the tools to solve real problems. Okay? And so life is about problem solving. And yet these kids are not learning how to solve problems. Listen, >> no, they are learning how to solve problems and they're learning language and they're learning arithmetic and they're learning these things
that are very important for children to learn. And just because they're not doing it with AI and having AI do it doesn't mean that they're not learning. I think that they should be able to have access to these tools, but it needs to be limited. Very limited. >> Again, I'm talking about 16 year olds, okay? Like >> I'm also I'm talking about up through college. I'm talking about everyone. I think it's a I think it's I mean, I know it's a huge problem that we're shoving computers in front of these kids. >> Their ability to learn. Chris, >> this is this is this is not up for this isn't a debate, right? I think it's a >> It's not a debate. It's not a debate at all. I will like I but I actually study this stuff. I I know that you don't. >> I I just I'm not to tell you that I've studied it as much as you have. I haven't. Okay. I'll admit that right now. But intuitively, it just doesn't make any
sense to me. And I'm going to go right back to myself. >> Intuition a lot of times the best way to attack a problem. >> I'm going to go right back to myself. Okay. >> Yeah. Basically, the entirety of my college education was literally BS and I didn't pay attention to any of it. And thank God I didn't because I went on to actually build companies, build products, change the world, do a hundred different things because I didn't waste my time studying that crap. Okay? And that was preAI. Like it was a joke. I was in college sitting in classes going, "This is the biggest, dumbest thing I've ever seen in my life." a complete idiocracy waste of every one of our >> who knows if the major that you were in corresponded to what you actually wanted to learn. I actually learned a ton from my education in college. Um but we in my in my classes we didn't use computers. We had a pencil and paper and we
were doing uh mathematics like we were doing differential equations and linear algebra and all these things in class >> they weren't using computers in computer science. What's that? >> They weren't using computers in computer science. >> Well, I didn't I didn't study computer science. I was >> Okay, but Jordan, let me just ask you a question. Even leveraging AI itself, you see, have you read the data on the AI school in Austin, they're learning stuff 5x quicker when they're leveraging AI to actually learn because it's individualized and they're not using pencil and paper. It's the AI teaching these kids. >> Sure. Yeah. I mean, I would love to see the peer-reviewed study that shows what they're actually doing with this and figure out if it's real or not. >> I mean, you can say that they're 5x quicker or something. I I don't know. I mean, I haven't looked at that. Everything that I've read
>> says that you need to get screens away from kids as much as possible. >> It's propaganda the same way. It's not >> the same way they said television was going to melt our minds and video. Have you seen all the information on video games now? how they're saying that kids that play video games are x amount smarter and more capable and all this stuff. They told us for years that video games are going to melt our minds and and that's >> Yeah, video games are a little bit different, right? Because there's a more you're more interactive I I and you you get some like spatial awareness things with video games that I think you're not going to get through interacting with a prompt with AI. I think I think you can make an argument on either side for video games and have plenty of data to show that video games have ruined people's lives and video games have made people faster and more nimble and better
able to think. >> I'll just I'll just say I'll >> I think we need to retire this because there are people that are saying that I'm right. There are people that are saying that you're dumb or that you're >> One closing thought. One closing thought. I do think regardless of this particular argument that we're having, I think the entire nature of peerreed studies and interpreting these sorts of things I think is mostly bogus from what I >> So you're anti-science? >> No, I'm not anti-science. What I'm tell Listen, there's been a lot of talk, you could read this right now. There's been a lot of discussion recently about how these peer-reviewed studies are unbelievably biased. Unbelievably biased based on the individual that is behind the study, right? As opposed to the information, the study itself. I just his if you look historically on this stuff and I'm not it is so biased and so completely
manipulated by what people already want to think. So they go out and perform these studies. They go out and interpret these studies in various ways. They get reprinted. And a lot of what I'm I just think it's BS. Like I don't >> seems like an RFK Jinger type of argument to me. Well, well, because a lot of this you're looking at acade you, if the measuring stick is academic success, if the measuring stick is stuff like that, that's not a success point I even think is valid. So, like I >> So, is what is the success point though? Is the success point how much money did you make or >> No, sometimes that's not necessarily >> No, the success point the success point is moving moving the needle of humanity. That that's it. And and and if you take two a control group and another group and you have one group learning this old way and you have another >> that's not me like moving a needle in humanity
is not a a measurable >> it absol I'm I'm saying that in a really broad sense. I'm saying who could have the most which group would have the most impact the most positive impact on our civilization during their lifetime. Okay. How about that? How about that being >> but that's not that's again that's not that's not a measurable thing. Right. Okay. But even that even that is difficult because you have someone like an Elon Musk who has moved society more than anyone else and people hate him on both sides. >> Okay. But Jordan, you can I I know this that's the thing. It's you're right. It is really difficult right now to have an endpoint on something that's changing so quickly because we need a lot of time. We would need years and years and years. So what I have to depend on is just my intuitive sense. Yeah. >> That I'm seeing what's available in the world to use. And if I were to take a group
of 20 kids and have them do what I'm seeing in this school as opposed to actually out there like these kids that I've spent time with personally at Alpha School in Austin. I spent time with them in Hawaii. They I did the whole shark. These kids are operating like 30 year olds. Okay. interesting to see in 20 30 years what those alpha kids did versus the kids at Highland Park to see what is that outcome. >> We we won't know for a long time. And by the way, I'm not ripping on these schools because I just think they don't they're not in our situation. No, I think I think that I think that there is science around like and it's not just mathematics, but it's also writing and reading that if you use a keyboard to write, you don't learn language as well as you do when you use a pencil and paper, right? So that's that's that's settled science, right? So the condition that you get out of using a pencil
and paper to write down your thoughts, >> you develop the ability to read and write better than you do. >> But does that end point matter anymore? >> The way that like the ability to understand other people. This is the ability to understand language is you get way more out of using a pencil and paper than you do using a keyboard. This is okay. >> This is studies. There are studies that have been done since the 70s about >> doesn't matter anymore is >> it does matter. The ability to understand people in language is a huge >> if you don't think if you don't think it's important to understand language I I don't know what to tell you. >> I mean I have four different bots reading my emails right now for me so that I don't have to. And then they just they just give me a capsule summary of the things >> and you have no idea what's going on. Right. So that's that's fine. What if the thing that matters,
Jordan, 30 years from now is just like something that has nothing to do with any of that? What What if all that matters is sports? >> I look I What if all that matters is sports? >> That's But that's not all that matters for everyone. That might be all for somebody that cares about fantasy football, but for me, I don't care about fantasy football. I'm in a league. I have fun with it. But what I care about is reading books and understanding and trying to expand my knowledge. >> My my favorite comment so far is uh Jordan just went long Barnes & Noble. Saw that in the chat. >> What if long Amazon? That's what started out as a retailer. But but do you do you do realize that if you move back 50 60 70 years people the things that they thought would be important for education today like in today's world what's important >> that's a very blanket odd statement and you haven't pro provided anything
concrete >> hold on hold on today today what what is is starting to be exceptionally important the last few years quite honestly is being charismatic enough to be some content creator that's makingundred hundreds of thousands of dollars and there's millions of them by the way. Millions and millions. >> To be charismatic, you need to understand humans and have cognition and understand language. Well, >> I listen, not necessarily. Maybe >> look, everybody that I know that's very charismatic, like you're charismatic, Len is charismatic, like a ton of our friends are charismatic, but you're also like smart people. And I and I know that you grew up using a pencil and paper to write compositions and you were reading books. Um, and all of the things that I think are and not only that I think but that have been shown to be very important. >> I would >> don't discount the way that you learned to get
you where you are. Chris, >> I didn't learn much. Yes, you did. Yes, you finished school, dude. I I barely got through school. I was I was I was not even really My head wasn't even there. >> All right, everybody's over this. Everybody >> All right, fine. Sorry. I just I >> That's all people keep saying. And uh what does this have to do with trading? Asking for a friend. >> I don't know. I I I >> I think this is a great debate. I think that our clip editor is going to have a real nightmare getting this down to 30 seconds. Five. >> By the way, this is this is Chris and Mai's love language is yelling at each other. >> Yeah. >> Listen, all I'm all I'm saying is, you know, you know, I'm all about, you know, taking big swings in the market and all this stuff. I I I am at a point right now where I'm looking at what's happening and what's coming out the next few weeks and I have never been more confused
about how people are going to interpret the information flow that's going to hit us every day. So I would advise investors to be really cautious right now and and just not become overconfident in how they think things will play out in the short run because we are living in a time of anomalies right now. And while you can have a really strong thesis and high conviction in like the AI infrastructure trade or the efficiency wave that's coming that I believe will benefit companies like Amazon, all this stuff. I think it's really difficult to assess dayto day, week to week, how people are going to interpret the news flow that is coming. And so I would just advise investors, even me, I'm taking a little bit of a step back right now and trying to keep my leverage under control. So I just I just wanted to share that. I do think there's one thing I'd like to address really quick and it's the Muse
versus Amazon uh story because this this is something that I've spent a lot of time on this week as a large Amazon holder trying to assess the degree that Muse and Agentic AI generally is going to be a net positive or a net Amazon for Amazon. It seems obvious to me that on the infrastructure side, Agentic AI will >> maybe the largest positive we've ever seen since the birth of AI for infrastructure companies because agents are going to consume massive amounts of compute doing simultaneous uh you know uh runs of tokens. At the same time, you can make a case. I'm not sure that that this case is correct, but you can make a case that agentic AI could demolish the advertising layer as we know it that we've been that that has become such a big piece of Amazon's earnings, right? >> So, I don't know how long that would take. I don't know if it's even going to matter because they will make up for
that times two or three with infrastructure spend over that time and I don't believe any of this is going to happen quickly honestly. >> No, I don't think it's quick. And I think that eventually we are going to see a shift where agents are doing more for people in making purchase decisions and and actually doing transactions. But I don't think that's going to happen quickly. And I think that Amazon will have a chance to figure out is there an agentto agent advertising model? Is there a way that you know the people selling the products still want to get their products in front of people? And is there going to be some kind of gating or or preferential treatment towards uh paid for products? I I just think Amazon still has a chance to figure out how that's going to work. And we know Amazon's also working on their own agentic uh broad uh broad knowledge bots to to improve uh what's their there's
>> Alexa. Yeah. Yeah. What is that called? I was talking to you about that earlier this week. Dave, Amazon is working on its own muse that they want to integrate into Alexa. >> Well, they've got that, but they're the only one of these u are they the only one that are creating their own chips, right? And so they're not beholdened to um you know some of the some of the purchases that other companies are making um to an Nvidia or to some of these other companies because they're doing their own chip design. >> No, you're right. It's project Okay, so Amazon has project moonraker. That's the internal code name for a full agentic version of Alexa plus designed to execute complex multi-step tasks from a single request. So essentially Amazon is going to have its own muse. Okay. And they have more shopper data than anyone in the world. I I I see that as being really interesting. We'll see when that
product actually releases and their ability to execute on that product. But don't you see there being a day in the next so many months where we have 10 products like Muse and every tech company has their version of Muse that they're pushing on the world >> which is a nightmare because I already am using four products like Muse and I can't remember which one I started to have a conversation with. Someone needs to make a connector so that it can keep them all in sync on their knowledge about me so that when I have a conver I start talking to Gemini about something and then I have to copy and paste that over to Chat GPT because they're going to actually walk me through how to do something. It's it's too much right now. It's too much. I have four, like I said, I have four different >> agentic uh personal assistants reading my email right now. Each one of them flagging different things. Oh, by
the way, we think that uh or Google just sent a security alert that you've granted chat GPT access. Is that >> Hold on. You're you're granting these things access to your email. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Just just my my email. >> I'm I'm petrified to do that. I actually connected >> I allowed >> I'm doing that. >> I allowed Muse to connect just to uh like my DMs and stuff inside of Instagram. And even then, I think it got me in trouble with Instagram, even though it's the same company, and I couldn't reply to anyone's DMs, so they shut me down for a week. >> No, D, I have I have multiple agents watching my email, flagging different things for different reasons. I can't figure out the logic behind who's doing what, but I need someone to make them all talk to each other, or I just need one to actually win this battle. And I would I would personally prefer it be Apple so that it can all be done on
device and not in the cloud and and private cloud compute when it needs to be because I think Siri being able to read my Apple mail and my iMessage those are the those are the main communication channels. My Gmail is just the the address that I give to companies. >> Yeah. But right now all that it does is just summarization. Right. Siri >> Oh no, it does it does a lot. the new Siri once you update to the uh iOS 27, it actually does a lot. You you can be, you know, whatever whatever's on your screen, you can say, "Hey, put this on my calendar." Uh it >> I just said the keyword, my phone lit up. I'm like, "Oh my gosh." >> But he here's here's the issue that investors are happening. You could look at Agentic Shopping, which is certainly coming. You you can't avoid it. Agentic shopping is going to be huge. Then you look at a company like Shopify, and they seem to be an obvious beneficiary of
Agentic Shopping. But now that we're in the age of AGI and ASI, do we even need a Shopify? Because will there not be a clone of Shopify that pops up within each of these agents that that they control their own Shopify? Why would they want to share with Shopify? Right? So it's like when you think about this really deeply, it gets really difficult to discern where the value is going to fall in an age of agentic shopping. What will get disrupted? Who will benefit? Um obviously consumers benefit. Guys, it's mindboggling. It it it's really difficult and this is why you see stocks acting so erratically daytoday because there are a lot of opinions and we just do not have the final answer on this. We don't and and companies like Bloom Energy I think are doing as well as they are because they sit so far upstream from all this stuff that they're just they're just going to there is energy. We don't
have to worry about, you know, >> the world's going to continue to need electricity to power this stuff regardless of who whose stuff needs to be powered most, >> which puts us all the way back in Jordan's energy episode that we should do next week because like it's that's the one thing that does not feel as confusing. >> Uh Chris, we we just got an alert from the audience that you failed to uh post this on X and I failed to remind you to post it on X. >> Oh, thank you guys. I I'll do it now. Although it's >> although we're Are we wrapping up? We're like almost an hour into this now. >> I'm still gonna do it. >> That's some That's just really bad management on your part. Why is Muse not watching this for you and have a standby uh if you forget to do it within the first two minutes of the show? It just doesn't work. >> Or it should just do it for you no matter what >> because >> Yeah, it should
just do it for you. There's no there's no downside. and it got me in trouble with its own company. >> You know, I was doing limited stuff with it. >> Muse should have a a Sentinel that is watching everything that your Muse is doing. And any anything that it's going to do on your behalf, you you have to approve. Did you somehow accidentally approve everything when you weren't paying attention? >> No, I approved it responding to one singular DM. That was it. And >> it took that as reply to my DMs. I I think the issue might have been that it was scraping the DMs every 15 minutes, but you think the company is owned by Meta >> and they don't even care. >> Well, it doesn't matter. >> WhatsApp is also owned by Meta and I cannot get a reliable way for my news to read my WhatsApp and I hate using WhatsApp. It's what people in Mexico use and I want it to be watching that to see if anyone needs to reach
me and then just let me know on a channel use. It's awful. But they don't have a they don't have a an agent. They don't have a way to log in. You you can you basically are logging in through like the web version. And uh Muse doesn't have it. While Muse does have a virtual computer for you, it's not a persistent browser session. And so it it loses the connection. My Muse and I worked back and forth on that for about three days and then we just gave up. >> The the the point I was trying to get across is I've been investing for a multitude of decades. Nothing nothing really shakes me. And this is one of the only times that I felt just uncertain dayto day having being completely clueless what's what I'm going to wake up to in the morning. And this is every single day and how other investors are going to react to it. We are in volatile times. We're in fragile times. The world is changing too quickly
and it's unsettling and it makes it really difficult to be an investor right now and I just want to share that with the community because I I would have to imagine that other people are freaking out and they're unsettled and they have high anxiety and they're not alone. I mean for me to feel this way means that this is a weird ass market. This is a weird ass world. I wish it man I wish stuff would slow down dude. I know it's not going to it's I have to like remove myself. >> Yeah. What do you mean? So, you're trying to say there's just too much going on because it's not just AI that's going on. We've got civil unrest going on. We've got military operations going on. We've got debt issues. We've got we just got have a lot going on. >> Jordan, that other stuff is really important. Don't get me wrong, but I feel that the AI is the thing that's freaking me out dayto day because it's accelerating
and there's just unknowns and there's not really a president for it. So, we don't really >> we don't and I don't feel that anyone really understands it enough to like there's no regulating it cuz who's going to regulate it, right? We don't have people that have competence to regulate. >> Can you imagine? >> Yeah, that's the biggest problem, right? The government to regulate AI. I mean they can barely regulate >> the AI companies want the government to do it just so that they have you know they can say we've played within the rules because because there are rules right now there are no rules it's just people doing whatever they want the AI's just kind of running out of control. I I agree that it is coming so fast and even keeping up with it even even having your AI summarize what happened over the past 24 hours >> like we're we're now trusting AI to do the summarization of what's going on
because it's all coming at us so fast and there's no way you could possibly even read the headlines of all of the random breakthroughs and changes in the technology overnight. It's it's too much too fast. >> Yeah, I can My long-term thesis hasn't changed. I I love Amazon more every day. I I am somewhat concerned about Agentic Shopping being a net negative only for the advertising division of Amazon and being a net positive for every other piece of Amazon. Listen guys, that said, I mean, you can see the compute prices uh going up still week over week. And this is all a net positive for the one thing that matters more than anything else at Amazon, of course, which is AWS, Bedrock, Gravitron, uh, Tranium, Chip Division, like that. That's what's moving the needle for Amazon and it's all a big positive. And if we do inch closer to an anthropic IPO that is anything close to two trillion and by
the way just about everything that everyone's saying about anthropic right now on X is wrong. It's just clearly wrong. People are misinterpreting the filing. You know, they're like, "Oh, they're going to spend half a trillion this year on on No, they're not. That's like over 10 years." Like everything they're saying is wrong. they've lost this much money. No, they didn't. It's an accounting error. I not an accounting, it's a it's an accounting shift that that they did. So, it's just so annoying. Like, I I tweeted this last night. We've never had access to more so much information and yet have spent so little time actually analyzing it before we have these strong dumb opinions. Like, everyone >> there's a race to have the opinion first on X. >> Yeah. and AI spitting out opinions on people's behalf like mine which which will end this week as soon as >> maybe we should place more emphasis on
human cognition. I I I mean listen you you know you know Amazon's going to knock it out of the park with with their AWS. Uh, you know, there's probably going to be a a little concern around the diesel prices and shipping. Uh, Amazon probably took a hit there this quarter. That's a net negative. I think that the management team is going to have plenty of time to address aic shopping. They've probably been thinking about it. They have an answer for it. I would assume they will tackle that issue on the next earnings call. So when I run all my scenarios on what the Amazon earnings call how it might play out as of today, I feel pretty bullish on it. But between now and then, who the hell knows, man, this market, >> dude, let's not get overconfident. If you're if you're investing with leverage right now, that is too much. Be careful, right? Like if you're overconfident, you should not be overconfident
on anything in the short run. days to weeks right now. Be careful, guys. I just want to leave people with that. And I rarely say that, but I would say be careful right now. That's all. >> Words of wisdom. >> I'm going to cap this under an hour. That'd be that'd be >> Yeah, I think I think we've done it. >> All right. >> Yeah, we have nothing else to say. >> Awesome. >> Except for I see the uh the tweet here. Jordan wins. >> Some people think so, some people think Chris wins. No, I know. It's a It's a pretty You watch the episode. Everybody wins. >> No, no. I I'll say this. I actually really enjoy the debate. I think it's an important debate that needs to be had. Now, I didn't really do my homework to to be able to properly debate Jordan today. But I think it's a really important debate because listen, the future Well, I was going to say the future are children, but do they even matter anymore
in an age of AI? I don't I don't even know. They might not be the future. The future might just be the next frontier model. We don't The kids just might be playing sports and telling jokes and making stupid content for a living. Like that could be the future. >> That is the future. >> It's a weird future. We're heading We're We're barreling towards that weird weird future. But we'll be there for you. >> I'll I'll lean towards educating my kids. I'll I want them to be educated. I'm just going to redefine what that education means. I just don't know what that word means right now. >> I I don't think educators do. I think that that the educators got so scared of like people writing their papers using AI that they're just like, well, we we don't want to have any AI in the classroom because we're afraid people are going to use it to cheat. And now >> I do think that that has been a problem, Dave.
I do think that's been a problem. But there's there's so many studies that show and there are school districts that are doing the opposite of what Chris is saying about the AI Academy and they're getting rid of these, you know, everybody gets a laptop type thing and we're going to do all of our um coursework on the laptop because they've seen the studies and they know that cognition drops as you use and you lean on uh screen time more and more. And we're gonna have to get to the end to the bottom of this to see. >> It doesn't matter what you think. It's it's they've they've done studies on this. >> You can think whatever you want. It's a free country >> studies. >> They've done studies that have been published by books. >> All right, we're done, Money. Thanks for watching. We'll see you guys uh maybe maybe another one this week, but you you know we are not going to do that. We'll see you
next That's here.