I think there's absolutely no way we can have a drawn out bare market at this at this pace of growth because it's it's it's not just growth of capex, it is growth of revenues. I mean, you just saw Open AAI go from 40 billion to 70 70 billion in like a month and a half. They added 30 billion in ARR in a month and a half. These numbers are actually insane. What's up everybody? It's LG here and welcome to Milk Road Stocks, the daily market show. I can't believe it's almost October that we're still talking about Zoftware on the show, but I promise they only talk about it for a little bit today. Today is September 30th, 2026, recording on the 29th. AI agents are finally here and they might be about to blow up the software market. OpenAI, Meta, XAI, they're all moving aggressively into agents and enterprise. And now we're back to the same question from earlier this year. Who gets disrupted next?
Meanwhile, the AI trade still looks kind of shaky. Although OpenAI just reported huge annual numbers, the macro looks terrible. So which way does all of this go next? On today's episode, our four top analysts debate whether SAS stocks are heading for that massive sell-off, whether the AI labs can actually make money on all this growth long term, and why Micron's earnings could tell us whether the infrastructure boom is just getting started. And a reminder that you can see each of their portfolios in Milkro Pro for just a dollar. and also catch an exclusive 20 minute session recorded after the episode where the guys discuss their actual moves with each other in Milk Road Pro After Hours. All of that is at the link below. Gentlemen, welcome back to a another rollup uh as usual jam-packed with things going on uh that we're going to talk about. Open AAI hitting 70 billion in AR, I think, was
a surprise for a lot of people. Not so much a surprise for me. I think if you've been watching the show, I've been saying very bullish OpenAI and and their revenues, but Martin and Vincent very they they've been bearish and uh I think now they've they've been told off. So, we we'll talk about that in a bunch of other things, but let's just start on macro because I think there's a lot of things going on in the market at the moment. Melvin, why don't you um Oh, by the way, Vincent will be joining us in a few minutes, so don't worry for those listening. He's just running a little bit late, but he'll be he'll be popping in later. But Melvin, why don't you kick us off? Uh what are you thinking in the markets right now? >> Sure. Yeah, we actually had a lot of bullish news yesterday. Um, Nvidia announcing their $150 billion buyback. Meta pushed um Muse deeper into enterprise and then we had SpaceX
had another major Starship milestone. But despite all that market still finished red yesterday and I think the biggest reason was rates. Um the 10-year briefly hit around 5.25. It could be higher now. Um which is like the highest level in 19 years. Um oil remained above 92 despite there was some major headlines going around but despite that oil still remained elevated. We all know higher oil creates like more inflation concerns and higher inflation makes um investors like us worry that you know Fed may increase rates on during the next um meeting. Um and to be honest the economic data hasn't really helped either. Uh the reason being is that flash PMI for September um surged to a 5-year high showing that there's like strong economic growth and momentum. Um and then Dallas manufacturing which came out yesterday survey um showed the same thing higher growth. Um and they also said it's a higher
inflation environment. Uh what was surprising was the consumer spending has remained surprisingly resilient. Um but and also the labor market has shown signs of improvement as well. Now normally like stronger growth is good right but the market in this market weird news is bad because that means the Fed might rate hikes uh or keep the rates for higher for longer uh which is not what we want in this environment because of all the buildout that we have to you know has to take place on that. So yesterday because of all that um uh we had a bit of uh bit of a sell-off and also keep in mind that yesterday we had fed officials some of the fed officials came out and saying that AI infrastructure buildout could create near-term inflation as well which I don't which which I don't >> sort of with like memory right memory power like there are things that you're starting to see that with like our laptops
are now have gone up what 20%. >> Exactly. But today we're seeing the opposite of that, right? Like OpenAI, like Kyle mentioned, just hit 70 billion in ARR reportedly. Um, that's just showing us how much the demand is growing. They were at 20 billion in 2025, end of 2025. They were just at 45 billion a month ago. Now they're at 70 billion, which is crazy. And what they said was interesting was enterprise is now its fastest growing B2B uh revenue and it's up more than 700% since July. So this is this is this is crazy. Yes. And um another thing is like we have tomorrow we have micron earnings come up which is going to be a huge maybe a catalyst for the market as well. Uh but overall I I think this is we I remain extremely bullish. I think the macro is starting to concern me a bit, especially the rates. But hopefully Besson and and the team will figure that out soon. Even like mortgage rates
are you might even see 8% interest rate mortgage rates by next week. I hope it doesn't happen, but it seems like we're headed that way. But so yeah, remain overall bullish on the entire market, but macro is starting to scare me. >> Marin, what do you think? Yeah, I have been um a little bit more bearish over the last few weeks and the reason is I like I'm bullish compute but I I don't think like everything is just dependent on you know ongoing capex thing and if I see some breaks underneath the like the economy then it makes me worried and so like look at the you know um airlines or machinery or homebuilders or like even the Russell 2000 like it's going down and down only. So it like it doesn't tell me that the whole economy is doing well and I don't think that like if retail and everyone else is is not going to do well then the ongoing copex thing is going to just push everything you know
higher forever. So right now I think that you know yields are at record highs. Oil is elevated again and so there are different things that doesn't look really good [clears throat] and constructive for the markets at the moment. So I have 20% in cash and I'm actually considering to like maybe the risk a bit more even. >> How do you think about you know there's all this bad news out there right now with rates with oil etc. Yet, the S&P 500 and the NASDAQ are what, like 5% from all-time highs. Maybe not even 5%, maybe less than that. And so, it's like I understand there's all this bad news out there, but then markets, at least in some parts of the markets, like you said, it's not everything, but in some parts of the market, they're holding up strong. Uh, and then, you know, so is is is the bad news already kind of priced in and the market's kind of shaking off and doesn't care, or is there
a lag in the market? It needs to catch up to the bad news. like which which way do you think it's going? Martin, we'll start with you. Melvin, maybe you've got a thought on this too. >> Yeah, I think everyone is just so focused on the AI trade and just like I am on the same trade. Like I think the demand for compute is just going to accelerate from here. But it doesn't mean that S&P and NASDAQ will just keep you know doing new all-time highs. So like I think now I believe when we see like red days like yesterday on S&P or NASDAQ then the the the further down we go the more obvious it becomes that like okay AI trade is doing well but the rest of the market is not. So like maybe it's really a good time to derisk. So I think that the the the market optimism will eventually like try to look at the raw data and see like oh okay maybe like we are not just mooning and just up only from here. >>
The thing is the market's not super bullish right now either though like if you look at the sentiment and stuff it's it's actually fairly bearish. Um yet prices is >> we at all times and you say that sentiment is bearish. I don't get it. it is. Well, sentiment and price are two completely different things and oftentimes they diverge. But if you look at the sentiment indicators, they are not euphoric or at what they would think they would be from all-time highs. And so I just like I'm just trying to understand the divergence here because there there definitely is. And it's it's quite interesting to see. I don't know, Melvin, you have any thoughts on this? >> Yeah, I mean like yes, market is bearish, but I think we're moving with caution, right? like if if if there there's not too much euphoria in the AI market right now. I feel like um I think investors are starting to, you know, get worry.
I think we need like next earnings to prove that, you know, we need, you know, we're going to go higher. Um I think the great catalyst would be like Muse and um like Meta coming out saying that Muse is going to, you know, um access their growth and you know, like anthropic IPO. I think they just might have filed some IPO news the other day. I I I might be mistaken. So, all that will help build the market up and I think midterms is right around the corner. Trump needs a you know strong stock market um in order for him to like really have a chance. I don't think he has a chance to win at the moment the Republicans, but markets need to stay elevated for him to even get some seats or yeah some seats. So, like I think we're just going to go higher. I think Besson and his team will eventually figure out the rates though. I there's no there's no way because US need to refinance almost $10 trillion
in debt this year and they're not going to refinance it at seven or eight%. That is crazy. So he needs the yields to come down and hopefully he will be able to do that. >> We're going to pause for a second. The AI trade is changing. The bottleneck stocks are either running out of steam or getting ready for another leg higher while the application layer is finally starting to show some real profits. Our analysts were early to the last wave and now they are buying for the next one. Catch your next call inside Milkroad Pro for just a dollar at the link below. >> I feel like we're we're climbing a wall of worry where it's just there's just all this bad news thrown at it and the market just doesn't care because the growth is so big, right? Like if we go to GDP, there's been multiple so I think it was Elon said the other day um he expects us to double GDP from 2% to 4% next year. Uh even um I'm
not sure who it was, but a politician or someone on the Fed or whatever also said they expect 4% next year as well. Uh he tweeted out this morning. Um I don't have the name, but um I I find it hard to see the market struggle in a time where we're going to double GDP. Now, obviously, it's not for sure we're going to double GDP, but I think it's pretty clear earnings are going a lot higher. Um and so um GDP is likely to grow significantly and so it's hard to say um that we're going to have at least a accelerated or or sorry not accelerated but a long-term bare market or anything like that. Like Martin I assume you're just expecting a pullback and then a quick recovery or are you expecting something more drawn out and we go into like a 22 2022 long bare market? >> I don't know. Like I don't have a strong view how this is going to play out but I think some correction uh is on the horizon for
sure. I think there's absolutely no way we can have a drawn out uh bare market at this at this pace of growth. Um because it's it's it's not just growth of capex, it is growth of revenues. I mean, you just saw OpenAI go from 40 billion to 70 70 billion in like a month and a half. They added 30 billion in ARR in a month and a half. These numbers are actually in insane. Um and then on top of that, you have Enthropic, which is still growing. It's not as as much, but it's still growing. I think they're 75 billion. Um, but now you also have Grockbot, which I'm sure has added billions in their ARR as a result of of Grockbot and Gro 4.6. Um, Muse, I don't know because I think it's mostly free at the moment. So, I'm not sure they're going to see a ton of growth in revenue yet. Um, but that's okay. So, we're just we're seeing a lot of growth on the on the revenue side. Um, which just leads me to believe
that this market has to go higher at some point. Maybe there's a pullback in sight. I don't know. Vincent just joined in. What's up, brother? Uh we're talking market right now. Give us your quick take and then we're going to move into some AI stuff. >> I mean my view is that the numbers from today took the risk off in terms of there is an issue for frontier. I think you guys just discussed it. I think from from entropic perspective the key number is those or are those 518 billion kind of implanted AI infrastructure spent and 80% of that is kind of committed. uh and you talked about the so so yeah yesterday I was writing on X that this is the key risk today it was taken off the table it was bad timing I guess uh but for me those numbers are proving that um yeah market is still healthy regard >> you guys know what was the biggest driver of like open AI recent like revenue spike it was Astra
it was Astra >> well yeah >> and yesterday Codex yeah but like people are using Astra like the most of audio models and like yesterday Claude announced Sonet 5.5 which is five times cheaper and like even more performant than Astra. So like you know it's it's a game of like just showing higher number I feel like but like >> yeah but nobody cares about the number. Nobody nobody cares about the number. Nobody cares. All they need is a good UX and a good UI to run their business inside of these platforms and they'll pay the money. That's it. It doesn't matter how smart the model is. It doesn't matter how cheap it is. It just matters. Does it work for what I need? And so like I, you know, they can keep pushing out these different models and then people post these pictures that it or these videos of it doing this thing. Doesn't matter. People just need a place where they can put their company and
their team inside of it so they can use AI and they can have agents and they can connect to the platforms that they use and the software tools they use and they can get the work streams they need and the automated flows. And as long as that works, they'll pay the money because it's allowing their businesses to be way more efficient. That's all that matters. >> But you will optimize for cost eventually like everyone does. So it's pretty clear. But I mean you guys are just like, you know, highlighting the high like the numbers you see like revenues. I can like boost our revenues if I want to, but we don't know how much money they spend on training those models, how much money they spend on inference. is I would bet it's not even profitable at this point because like and yesterday one of the product managers in open AAI announced that they're going to reduce the subscription token usage. So
because right now they are subsidizing subscriptions by a a ton. So it's changing as well. So there's a lot of pressure and like everyone is talking AR that it's increasing. That's great. But do you know how much money they have to spend every year to stay at the frontier? No. Do you know how much money they spend subsidizing all the usage today? No. So like we get only like a little like piece of it >> only. Yeah. Like only small piece of information. Well, they're probably about to sign even more deals because uh today is OpenAI's dev dev day. And last year, I don't know if you guys remember last year, OpenAI announced that um six gigawatts of AMD GPUs with uh you know, with AMD, they signed a massive deal and AMD jumped 24% um last year. So, we will likely see more commitments and more deployment of capital like in the in the in today. So, >> so here we go. So just launched right now the
devs day for open AI is going on right now. Open eye just launched dots which is their always on AI agents inside chat GBT powered by Astra. So this is Grockbot or Muse. You now have that inside of um ChatgBT. It gets its own cloud computer, its own browser access. Uh it can connect to everything, you know, thousands of apps, all the things that already had. Um it's basically Grockbot but now inside of of OpenAI. So that's the first thing that they just launched. Um, I'll keep an eye to see if there's anything else going on, but um, agents are here. We we've been talking about this all year, consumer agents, uh, and enterprise agents actually. And, um, and they are no doubt here. And I, the reason why I'm still bullish on the market is I think agents are way more capable than what chat was. Um, and you can do so much more. Like a lot of people I'm seeing in my team who they never really touched
agents in terms of like using Hermes or OpenClaw, they're like addicted to Muse or to Grockbot and they're able to do so much more now. I'm using uh Grockbot like crazy, spending way more. Uh and I just think there's so much more usage now that we have these kind of always on agents. Um now I the question is that Martin brings up is is it profitable? Um which to be honest it doesn't need to be I don't think. Um, but I think like Enthropic showed profit last quarter and there was rumors that OpenAI was going to show profit this quarter Q um Q3 and I would say there's probably no doubt that's going to happen after this growth. Like they just had $30 billion in AR in in like a month and a half. You've you've these numbers are nothing like anyone's ever seen before. That's an absolute insane number. Um, but I would imagine they are close to profitable if not profitable uh this quarter. My view
is that I think the market doesn't care too much about profitability at this stage. I think the market cares more about growth. Yes, this was also my major concern and that's why this was alleviated today a lot there. There there were two numbers >> Sorry, keep going. I just was let me just say one thing before [laughter] you say this. Chatbt has now reached 1.2 2 billion weekly users and more than 2.5 million businesses. >> These numbers are [laughter] insane. >> How many businesses? >> 2.5 million businesses. >> Insane. Yeah. >> Staggering growth. No, the the the two core numbers that from the entropic kind of Reuters IPO perspect that catch my focus was one the the 518 billion that I was talking about earlier and then number two that 25% of the revenue came from two customers only my guess is it's Microsoft that's pretty clear and then the second one is probably cursor but don't know um
those are end of 2025 numbers and the issue I see there it's If if that is still the case today and obviously we know that Curser is integrated by by SpaceX now then Curser could eventually move some of that entropic demand towards uh SpaceX and could take off a lot of revenue from from SpaceX from from Entropic at once that that's a risk I see. And then the final point I I heard a podcast this week where where the speaker was arguing that 25% of frontier AI revenue is coming from basically startups that are f that are uh funded by venture money. And as we are potentially going into a rate hike cycle, this could obviously hit the whole venture funding cycle and therefore uh cycle through the the the revenue for Frontier. I found that really interesting. Now, I don't think that's the base case today, but I'm still in the camp of of Martin that there are some risks regarding Frontier. And if
you have a a very heavy allocation to it, like maybe 40 50 60% plus across your entire portfolio, it makes sense to take some chips off the table. >> Even if if the the that revenue moves from Enthropic over to XAI, it's still it's still a frontier model generating the revenue. It's not the revenue is going away, right? So, is that really a risk? I mean it's a risk anthropic don't get me wrong um but like as long as someone's getting that revenue then is there really an issue >> problem I I get what you're coming from but the problem is that semi analysis outlined this the opening on a tropic of buying 40 to 50% of the compute next year and even if there's no real impact just the expectation from investors could trigger the selloff right >> yeah but so that was before they launched Grockbot launched and muse launched and so like okay 40 50% whatever the number is that they're going to buy
all the new compute coming online next year. Well, if that all of a sudden changes and now it's 50 to 60% of OpenAI, Anthropic, SpaceX or XAI, sorry, and uh and Meta, is that an issue? Like just because their share goes down a little bit because two other bigger companies with bigger budgets, right, bigger ability to pay, that seems like a good thing. Like I'd rather go from two to four and the other two that are added in have other revenue streams like rocket launches and Starlink or you know multiundred billion dollar ad business rather than relying on the open AI and anthropics. So I actually think this is a good um uh development rather than a bad development. You know >> I fully agreed. I think diversifying the customer base in terms of who's buying compute is a real good thing. The question is if there's an issue with Frontier AI, >> are the agentic use cases from all the other companies
filling the gap that could potentially um yeah increase or or exist if if Frontier gets damaged. I don't know. Really depends on the adoption of of Metamuse, Grockbot and all those other use case, right? It's an unknown. It's it's it's a risk factor in the market that Yeah. that we cannot answer today. I I think I think there's a there's actually someone who's in really in trouble right now. A sector I think I'm still going to argue about this. I think it's it's software. Software stocks is getting ready for a round two selloff. We saw this happen earlier this year when Anthropic went after all these legal services, financial services, enterprise, blah blah blah. Now Meta, Muse, and Grock is going after enterprise value. And what does that mean? That means that because earlier this week we saw that Meta launch meta enterprise platform uh which you know directly goes into uh other businesses
and they can connect tools and whatnot and then Grock is after going after to gro business and um their side of things. So eventually we will have claude and all these all these companies will go after software and I think software problem gets much bigger because right now right like if you use Salesforce for CRM service now for workflows yada yada yada you're going to be using agents and telling agents to use those system for you. So they're so they a lot of those traditional businesses work on seat per head you know like how much pe how many people actually use it. Now if agents are using on their behalf, the whole business model get in like disrupted and also yes they're using it for usage and whatnot but I think there's no way for these companies to be actually profitable or in the long term if they don't actually start to go after these uh services. So I think this is just going to
decimate these some of these uh software names once again we're going to we're going to see another sell off and we saw that actually yesterday with Muse when they launched enterprise they the software stocks already dropped 3 to 4%. So you think like they're going to rebuild like Service Now and Salesforce? I >> So it's interesting. So here's my take. Um I don't So SAS is not dead by any means. I think we need more SAS as a result of using agents, right? Like we need more software. Okay. Now I do agree Melvin some SAS products that exist out there that you do pay for you either don't need anymore or the big risk is that you know entropic and open AI start to basically rebuild the SAS tools and have them already integrated in. So like there is disruption there but I don't think it's a catchall like we don't need SAS anymore because agents are just going to you know build all or like AI is
going to build all the s software for us and we don't need it. That's definitely not a case. we're still going to pay for software, but I do agree we might just pay for that software inside of OpenAI or inside of Enthropic or inside of Grockbot as they start to disrupt certain areas. Um, but I do think there's many software companies that are smart and have already pivoted like you just talked about the seats versus usage. Salesforce has already built Agent Force and now they're focused on on usage. It's their fastest growing product by a long shot. Um, they're integrating agents into Slack. Uh, you just saw Grockbot. uh you can now launch it inside of Slack. So like there there are there are certain software companies that are ahead of the game and they're are building for this agentic world and then there are others that maybe are slower and not so much and that could be a problem. Um,
but I do think what happens here is there's because of AI and because of agents, there's more businesses than ever before. And that is literally hockey stick curve up up like this. And if there's more businesses, it means that there's more SAS products needed, right? There's more content creators, there's more businesses, there's more all the things like entrepreneurs than ever before, which means there's more SAS needed than ever before. And so I think there's a lot of SAS companies that are actually doing really well because of agents. Um, but I do agree there is some risk to certain products. I don't know exactly which ones yet because I do think OpenAI or or Enthropic will need to become part of the app layer rather than just the like you know right now they sell tokens and that's you know that's the disruption Martin's talking about and it's a good business right now but as we've talked
about for months now there's pressures there and so they're going to need to start to build on the application layer which is right now a lot of companies are taking advantage of kind of this like reselling tokens right uh and I think I think they're going to eventually do that I just don't know which ones they'll go after first. >> But the problem >> design appears to be it is is a big one they're going after. >> But the I think the main problem is we don't know who's who's likely going to be the winner. That's the problem. Market's just going to group all these companies together and sell off all all of them together like we saw this earlier this year and then we had a big drop. Now even the stocks hasn't even largely recovered. If you look at stocks like you know there's a lot of stocks that are down 50 60% even the good ones you know. So that's that's my main worry in the short term for
software stocks. >> I agree. I think that the frontier labs really need to move in the stack up and so really like bring those like returns to the companies but what's their kind of advantage like because if I'm Salesforce I have already I'm integrated everywhere so it's just much easier for me to hey guys like we have all your data so let let us build your agents or like you know we even have our own language model so like what is cloud going to bring like what's your value proposition like >> I mean they're also getting integrated everywhere too like everyone is integrating into their cloud or into their open AI >> but it's different when you just inte it's it's a different thing if you just integrate cloud that like hey every employee can just shed with cloud that's a different thing than if you integrate with like service now or Salesforce those are like just data companies that like
work like no other >> it's just much more embedded in your business >> where I think the the one second Vincent where I think the frontier models are going is so right now there's there's the model layer where they basically sell tokens they can either go up the stack to the application layer that's what we're talking about or they can do what SpaceX and Meta are doing which is go down the stack and just build the infrastructure and and then they can resell it or use it themselves and have that optionality that's what I love about SpaceX SpaceX is going you know instead of just being this they're going down the stack into the infrastructure layer I think um someone from ARC put out that they're they expect uh SpaceX to have 66.6 gawatts of compute by 2031. And Elon commented and said, "I'd be disappointed if that's how low we were." I was [laughter] like, "What? 66 gawatt. They're currently
at like 1.4." [laughter] So it So they're going the other side. Uh but I bet you they go both. I think they're going to build for both, too. Um which is going to put them in a crazy position. Um, but we'll see if if OpenAI and Enthropic do that or not. Right now, they're not going down the stack. They're only going up the Well, my assumption is they're going to go up the stack. Vincent, you were gonna say something, then Martin, we'll let you jump in. So, I agree with Melvin to a certain extent. I've [snorts] I would not be surprised if there is a sell-off in SAS because the market these days is really scared and also to a certain extent stupid. Um, I would agree then or I would think about this as a buy the dip then because I fully agree with both of you Kyle and Martin as well that SAS is not dead and those agents will use the existing um software layers that exist right because there is
also think about it from an efficiency point of view. We are in a compute constrained world. Why would any agent have the idea of build their own software if there is an existing one they can use? They are rational things, right? They would not do that. So my view is that agents will use legacy software a lot. Yes, some of it will be destroyed, but most of it that's actually valuable that's open for agents to to to be accessed. those will survive and and actually flourish because there will be will be billions and eventually trillions of agents. >> Yeah, I just wanted to say that like eventually at some point I think like hyperscalers like and like SpaceX and like anthropic they will all converge to the same business model. they have the compute they will have their own models and then they will also kind of do the the harness and also like sell agents and like because agents are ultimately
replacing humans and that's the whole thing right so I think in 10 years like pretty much everyone will converge to to to like be part of like the whole stack but what does that mean then what is the mode in that world then >> the mode is is the ability to build the infrastructure ructure which is SpaceX. They have the large like if you just think long term enough it's SpaceX has the biggest mode of them all because they have the ability to to um to build data centers here. They have the ability to put them up in space which no one else has. Uh and they're building terafab which will be the largest uh production of chips in I don't know if it's bigger I think it's in the world at least for sure in the US. Um and so the only person that's building for the biggest mode is is SpaceX Elon. Um, so I think SpaceX and Tesla will be set up, but that's obviously a long-term thing. It's if you think
more meta about the market. >> Speaking of uh SpaceX a bit, did you guys see the um data that came out or news that came out by information this morning that um initially SpaceX signed a deal with Anthropic worth only about 45 billion. Now they're saying that Anthropic actually signed a deal worth up to 84 billion uh with SpaceX to use their orbital computer or orbital data centers, you know, >> terrestrial on Earth, not not on space. >> Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. Um Yeah. So like imagine that that was not, you know, that was not factored in. This is new news and SpaceX is running because of that right now. >> Elon also mentioned the timelines of their buildout right now for compute. So the expectation was going to be 2 gawatts of compute by the end of the year. It looks like it's going to be 2.6. So they're ahead of schedule which is absolutely insane. And they're already got concrete down for Terraab.
These guys are just like lightning speed. It's unbelievable. >> Martin, what do you think the motives in that world? Do you think there's anything else when when all the companies are essentially moving up the stack? Yeah, I think each company will be able to capture their market share from different layer and then they will just grow up and down and it will help them to like have some market share >> physical integration. >> Okay. >> I think that data is how how they will differentiate from each other, right? I think you can tell by what Figure is doing, what Eli Liy is doing, what Bending Spoons is doing. They're all are are striving for more data. Tesla is doing the same. And if you're the one that can provide the most context or most data points to that fancy AI infrastructure layer to the agents eventually, I think you can build the best products and services for for people. >> It's
data and compute because if you have a bunch of data but you have no compute, you can't do anything with that data. >> So it's who has the most data, who has the most compute. Um like that that it's those two things are everything moving forward, right? Because if AI is everything, which we all agree with, agents are going to be what does everything moving forward. Then you need data for those agents to do things. You need compute to actually process that data. If you don't have those two, if you don't have the compute, you can't do anything with that data. >> Did I just hear a bull case for Meta here? >> For Meta SpaceX. Yeah, for sure. >> Have you guys seen that uh Amazon uh Jeff Bezos uh raised another money for Blue Origin? I think it was subscribed like 15 times or something and the valuation is 150 billion I believe. So >> why >> but >> he's got no shot. [laughter] >> I think he's got
no shot, dude. Like if you seen that like Starship launch, was it yesterday? This is insane, right? And these guys like it's so much bigger and better than every other product out there. And the next uh I don't know when the next launch is of it, but they're going to try and catch it. And it'll be fully reusable, which is just no one's even remotely close to doing what SpaceX trying to do. >> Literally a decade away, bro, from what Elon's doing right now. They're not. >> Um All right, let's talk Micron. So Micron's going to start off the Q3 earnings season, which kicks off Wednesday. Um I don't know how Micron got first spot, but that's that's nice. Uh pretty much first spot, first for any of the important companies. Um, Melvin, what's your take on what's going to happen uh I guess everyone's watching this on Wednesday, so tonight uh in Q3 earnings Micron. >> Yeah, so I actually just posted
a note last night um about Micron. Wall Street is on our pro platform. Um Wall Street is expecting roughly 51 billion in revenue and around 31 to 30 31ish EPS. Um my estimate is around 52.2 2 billion in revenue with the 8 87.5 gross margin. I think it's because the reason why mine is a little bit higher than the Wall Street is because demand is just accelerating. Um I think the margins are actually improving. I think um the long-term supply that they're signing are just going to massively rerate this stock I believe in in the next coming in coming days. Um I the key things that I'm watching out for is um I want them to address um about supply coming online. How much supply is coming online? I I want them to talk about the memory uh manufacturers in China and address that once and for all. I'm not super worried about like whether that's going to make an impact on HBM supply. It's not it's
not going to make an impress but I would it would be nice to hear about that. I also want to hear about their pipeline. Um they just started um work shipping I think HBM 3 4 HBM4. I want to see how they're doing with that. And there there's a bunch of things I'm watching out for. Most importantly, I want to know how many more long-term agreements they have signed this this this time around. Last last time it was around 16. Um it would be nice to get at least more than that this time around to, you know, just once and for all um kill that narrative that you know this business is cyclical. Like I'm tired of hearing that. I think if they could address this once overall, u this would be great. But overall, I remain bullish. I think they're going to have a blowout numbers, but uh the stock it's always a coin toss up. We we see that time and time again. I I really don't know which way it's going
to move. Hopefully up. I >> I think at this point, everyone knows that its earnings are going to be incredible. So, I don't think earnings is really going to move the needle for for this. It's more just the the risks on the back end. >> Yeah. Well, guidance, sure. And then also just the risks on the back end around OpenAI entropic. like I feel like that's all that matters at the moment for this stuff. >> I disagree with that. I think the outlook especially in memory is core. I I fully agree with you Melvin that the management needs to do a good job in terms of convincing investor that this is not cyclical anymore. Maybe they can show more long-term agreements or we know they have like 16 long-term agreements um through 2027 and 2028. We just need to understand what's kind of the base in terms of their revenue and the margins they have in those long-term agreements and how much of capacity
is in those long-term agreements. Right? That's what we need to understand. And this number one and then number two, 2028 there's a lot of supply coming online. Is this hitting their margin and their revenue or not? Those are the two things I'm looking forward. I fully agree this once again will be a blowoff quarter which will not move the stock. >> Yeah, there's there's actually news that came out the other day that Samsung customers are actually looking for deals for more than 10 years now. They want to sign more than 10year deals with Samsung. We're talking to like 2035, man, or 2036, which is crazy. This is this is going to give them so much visibility and um you know really kill that narrative, you know, if they're start to sign these 10-year deals. So hopefully, >> yeah, but get some of that. >> It pushes you in a in a pretty tricky situation as SKHX and the because you need it's the
same as the NeoClouds. You need to decide are you selling now basically for a lower price that you're committed into the next 10 years or and and how much of spare capacity do you leave for kind of flexible allocations that you can sell at the higher price and higher margin. Right? It's it's it's tricky >> but it's better because like they are selling to profitable companies versus if you are you know new clouds you are selling to open AI anthropic and others [clears throat] and they're not profitable or barely profitable. >> Yeah. >> Um but I actually heard that like the whole Korean memory uh supply is locked in till 2031 like like 100%. That's that's just insane. Like why these stocks are not up like I don't know 200x or 200%. Sorry. It's like doesn't make sense. So what I would actually expect from all these memory uh stocks when they have their earnings call they should start talking
about buybacks and like making sure that investors are happy and they see the success of the company in some materialized way either dividends or buybacks just do something because it trades at stupidly cheap prices right now and like they should do something about that. I mean the thing is like can buybacks even make a meaningful supply uh like change in the earnings because we saw like um uh Nvidia right they announced 150 billion in buybacks they're going to buy back almost 250 billion over the next like couple years or over the next 18 months sorry um and like the stock has not moved up like literally has not moved up >> yeah but buybacks are over 18 months right it's not just it doesn't just pump because of the news that they're going to buy back. It's a $5 trillion stock, right? Like it's just now there's upward pressure put on the stock over time, which is what's going to happen uh
with well Micron can't do buybacks till December. Um but I think [clears throat] some of the others can start it earlier. >> Yeah. And you see it in the reported earnings per share per quarter. That's where you see the impact in the end because you have a lower share that you the share amount you divide the EPS is lower. So >> So it's always like the the buyback size relative to your market cap, right? Like if you can buy 10% of your like the whole market then like it's obviously going to move the price. >> Yeah. And remember that the UBS analysis where they said but that was at lower prices. So probably the number is lower now but they said I think two months ago or so said 40%. It's like at at the cash flow rates of M they can buy back 40% of flowing stock. I mean that would drive earnings per share up. It's actually, yeah, the number is even better now because when they said that, Micron
was at all-time highs. Uh, and now I think the expectation is that the revenue is even higher than it was previously. So, the free cash was even better because all of a sudden now people realize the margins are going to last for the next, you know, till 2029, 2030, whatever. Uh, all right guys, we've got to we've got to wrap up and um and move to the after hours. By the way, one thing I just saw on Twitter here is um SpaceX dot.com for the DOT launch of of ChatBT. So, if you go to dots.com, it goes to goes to Grockpots's landing page. >> No, [laughter] they're pushing it all over X right now, which is hilarious. >> Oh, man. Such a meme world. I love it. All right, guys. Uh, let's uh actually, anyone have any final final thoughts they want to say before we jump over to to the after hours? Is there anything we we missed yet? I think we did not, unless you guys did in the beginning, but meta
really moves into a spot where I get interesting because the entire year my argument was they're spending money and we do not know what they're doing with the compute they're buying. But now it gets clearer and clearer that they want to move in the whole agentic side, both consumer and enterprise now. Um, and obviously the revenues from that could get crazy at some point in time. So yeah. >> Yeah. But the stock's up like 45% in two weeks. Is he going to buy that? >> I mean, I haven't looked in in like I know of course what Meta is, but like in terms of how big the enterprise cycle gap, but then also >> is there a risk for the ad side of business uh because of the agents themselves. That's some that's kind of the core risk I see at the moment for >> for Meta. But honestly, I think it's such a misconception when stocks are up, you cannot buy into them. There is a great I don't know who said
that but someone from the startup world who said when a probably [laughter] not when a stock is up like 100% or 200% the the the upside is is usually much bigger because the market is onto something and it's not the full story yet. Um so yeah Melvin, you're a Meta owner. You got anything to add here? >> Man, I'm happy happy that Vince is finally coming around. I've been arguing this the whole year, but I know seriously like the market was wary of what Meta was doing for good reasons. I think Zuck is really starting to turn this around. And what I actually like about Zuck and how he's approaching this entire AI debate is that Zuck actually went on a couple podcasts and was very rational with what he's saying about AI and his viewpoints on Daario and um you know and the entire AI world is that Meta actually did not release this Muse model like they could have released it two months ago but
Zuck made sure that you know they were trustworthy before that they release it out in the into the you know into the world. Um, so I really like that Zuck is, you know, actually starting to realize that trust is [laughter] >> trust is actually a big moat in this in this world though because if you if consumers and if your businesses cannot trust your product, you will not get adopted in in the world. So like I I think Zuck is actually making a really good stride towards that. >> The biggest advantage I think is distribution that Meta has. They have a way better distribution than chat GBT, OpenAI, Grockport or any of their peers. I mean how many billion or million businesses and how many billion individual peoples do they have on their platforms and they can that's all 10 addressable market for them. So that makes me really bullish >> and and that is actually very when we talk about mo it's
not like it's part of a mode as well because like for example why don't I use Muse because Grockbot is in my car right it's in my Tesla and so like when I'm driving to the gym or I'm driving to the golf course or I'm driving wherever like I'm I'm talking to my Grock and I'm using my Grockbot right and so I'm like I just I actually I I think Muse is great. It's the same thing. I think whatever OpenAI is probably doing with DOTS is probably going to be great but it's like well the devices that I use which is I use Twitter and I use my my Tesla it's like well if Grockbots's already integrated to those I'm just going to use that and so Muse has that same benefit with if you're a big Instagram WhatsApp threads Facebook user um then you sort of get that benefit as well right which is the one thing that like Enthropic Chachi or OpenAI don't have um but these other companies they do have this right
and this is why I still think Apple and Google can do something. I don't know if they will. They seem to not want to do anything. I actually tried to use I use Siri yesterday when I was like making a recipe and I asked it a question and I like my hands were dirty cuz I was like mixing up something and Siri comes back. I asked it a question just like a all I wanted to do was like convert grams into pounds or something like that and it's like do you want me to ask chat GBT or should I browse the internet and I was like I don't give a Just give me the answer. Like what are you asking me that for like what is going on? And then I was like browse and then it goes I have to put in my pin code to open up the phone [laughter] so it go and I was like what is going so I had to ask Google because I have a Google Home in my kitchen. I had to ask that cuz Apple was completely useless. I was like how is
it 2026 Meta's launching this stuff? X is launching this stuff and this is what Apple has. It's insane. Um >> yeah but what's pretty obvious is Apple will come out with a similar product right because their distribution advantages. >> Yeah. But now they have a CEO who's who's having tech and engineering background. And there there was some news I think today or yesterday where where they were talking about the release cadence of new products. Um and yeah, >> I've been calling for this all year and thankfully Apple's at all-time highs, but [laughter] were not why I thought it would be. Anyway, all right, let's jump into the after hours because there was actually some really big moves in the portfolio. One today uh and a few others this week that we need to break down. And so we're going to jump into the after hours. For those that are listening, you can come and join us. After hours is just
a show that we do after this where the four of us are going to talk about our portfolios. We'll share it on screen. Um you can see everything inside of our portfolio and we're going to talk about the moves that we make. It's a dollar to check it out. So if you want to watch this after hours video, it's $1. Just go to milkroad.com/pro. Uh and you can check it out. Thanks everyone for listening and we'll see you guys at the after hours. >> Thanks for listening to Milk Road. [music] If you enjoyed the show, make sure you like and subscribe. And if you're struggling to find winners in the market, that's exactly what Milkroad Pro is built [music] for. Our analysts have called some of the biggest winners early, and Pro lets you see what they're buying next, every trade they make, and the research behind every position. [music] Check out Milk Road Pro at the link below. Everything you hear on Milk
Road is forformational purposes only. These are our personal opinions, not financial advice, and we may own some of the investments we talk about. Always do your own research and make the decisions that are right for you. See you next time.