I think GTA is a magical moment for our culture. >> So, what's your biggest trade coming up >> like is going to do phenomenal. >> What about >> I'm not excited about I don't own any right now, but I still think the main trade is on take two. >> What are your thoughts on >> I love to see falling here. I don't know when I'm going to make my big move to heavily lever back into it, but it's probably going to happen at some point in the next few months. >> Chris, thank you so much for coming back on the ice coffee hour. >> Happy to be here anytime. >> We forgot to ask you your thoughts on Tesla. >> I don't think my like thesis on Tesla has changed at all. I think only one thing matters and that's the robot, right? That's Optimus. And so there's actually a lot to talk about when it comes to Optimist and I haven't talked about it publicly in a bit. Um, everyone has really strong feelings on Tesla,
so I'm always trying to like I don't know, be careful with my words because I think I end up pissing so many Tesla fanboys off when I say anything negative. The truth is, you remember guys, like my big robotic thesis was mainly around Optimus and Tesla years ago. Like I was super long Tesla on the hope that Optimus could essentially equate to a $10 trillion valuation just at Tesla, just the Optimus division, right? If they were to execute on that. The the truth is um at least from my evaluation of the program and my intel and everything that I've been hearing for the past two plus years the Optimus program has been in shambles. The Optimus program has not performed. Uh they've lost a lot of their top talent. From what I understand there has been a lot of internal frustration. uh between the team and between between the team and Elon as it relates to progress, as it relates to strategy on
the robot, as it relates to to the hands specifically and hand strategy. Contrary to what you might have heard recently from a big influencer who claims to have seen a video and tells you that Optimus is a year and a half further along than any other robot, I don't think that person necessarily knows what he's talking about because my intel tells me the exact opposite. Uh we were supposed to get an Optimus update publicly in March and April this year. It didn't come. It seems like we're nowhere close to seeing this next gen of Optimus and that they are far behind and that there are still way more questions and answers as it relates to getting Optimus to that point of a truly scalable hardware platform, right? It's it's it's not it's not ready for scale yet. We're ready to show >> the Tesla play is really just a humanoid robot play. >> That's it for me. That's it. I >> how much more room would
the company have to grow if it were if it were strictly off of the cars? >> Yeah, cuz aren't they doing crazy stuff with full self-driving and subscription revenue and they got the robo taxis? >> Yeah. I mean, I think that's they're doing fine there, but I don't think you're going to see a meaningful lift in valuation coming from that. I think a lot of that is baked into the current day's valuation at Tesla. So if you were to remove Optimus, you can say what is self-driving reasonably worth right now when you have to assess the competition. When we were talking about, you know, full self-driving, robo taxi, and how big that industry sector is years ago, we always kind of thought that Tesla would be so far advanced, >> so further along than anyone else. Do you agree that that's not the case today? I mean, we can say that Tesla maybe is in the pole position from a cost standpoint uh in terms
of robo taxi if their plans play out. But guys, look at the competition. It's meaningful globally. Whether you look at the competition here in terms of Whimo and others entering the space or if you look at the competition in China, it's massive, right? And China is no longer just about China. the rest of the world has shown that they're open to kind of taking these Chinese cars or taking these Chinese products. So there's real meaningful competition on driverless now that we didn't think would be going neck to neck with Tesla 5 years ago when we were having these conversations. So like I just don't know how we would value that when the moat is no longer as big as it once was. I think generalized robotics, humanoids specifically, I think the TAM is so massively large that if Tesla were to fully execute on the Optimus vision, they have every opportunity to be in a pole position and to be a
top one or two company in the space, but they just haven't executed yet. We have to be honest. >> What do you think about Apple right now? >> Yeah, they just got the new CEO. >> Yes. $56 million pay package, by the way. >> That's fine. I mean, that's nothing in the big scheme of Apple, right? So, that's cool. >> So, you're saying he's underpaid? >> Yeah. I think it's I don't I just think it's I just think it's nonmaterial. I think it's nonmaterial. What do I think about Apple? Nothing right now. I think Apple has a great business. They're a cash cow. They've been fully optimized to be the cash cow that they are. they haven't taken a lot of huge risk which we might look back and think was a good thing. >> I I I don't know. I just don't have strong feelings. I mean what's happening at Apple right this second that we think can propel the company meaningfully as a growth company the next 5 years.
I'm not sure we have the answer to that question. So like I'm not excited about Apple. I don't own any Apple right now. I think it's a fine company. It's just not a company that has something that has potential to be wildly great that the market is underestimating in my opinion right now today. >> I just have a hard time believing that they're not working on something different, unique, with high growth potential behind the scenes. >> Okay. So, I was really upset cuz I thought for a couple years that there is no way that Apple wasn't cooking up a robot division that was meaningful behind the scenes because there's no company on earth that has the trust of consumers that has the ecosystem to pull off a home robot like Apple does. Even if it's 10 years away, I don't care 5 years away, 8 years away. >> If you're going to bring a robot into your home, that robot is going to be able to listen.
is going to be able to see a lot of really personal stuff. This is something that no one really talks about. Also, there's a high level of safety, right, that you're going to want in the home with your pets, with your kids, with elderly, even with yourself. Um, Apple has something that I think no other company on earth could could get quickly. And so, they have a massive advantage there. They also are phenomenal hardware company, right? Like I am just so confused when when I found out this is and this is like a year ago, a little over a year ago when I found out that as like for sure that they still basically had an arm in a box was their robot program. I was like you got to be kidding me. I thought for sure they had something deep secret that they had moved the entire automotive team. remember they had that huge team in automotive and I know that they moved a lot of that team to robotics.
>> I was like for sure they have to be cooking up something more interesting than that and it just doesn't feel like they are unless something has changed recently. But that would get me hyped on Apple because when we look at generalized robotics uh and humanoids, they're two very you have the the commercialized sector which is a multi-dea trillion dollar sector and then you have the home sector which is equally as big. But Apple is in this unique position to distribute robots into the home at scale in a trustworthy way. Cuz think about if you're going to put a robot in your house, what company would you trust more than Apple with their history, their closed ecosystem, right? Like also to already connect to all the personal data that they already have on you cuz there's only a few companies that have that level of data, right? I I'm just so stunned at the lack of vision there. I I don't know
what happened that they're just missing out on embodied AI. They missed out on AI, but they didn't have to miss out on embodied AI, which is potentially going to be larger than AI because embodied AI is going to have massive moes involved. What about Amazon? I found this really interesting because you've been calling this for a really, really, really long time now. And recently, they had earnings. They destroyed earnings and they kind of like on top of that I would say quelled a lot of the fears around the company of Amazon like with the capex spending and stuff like that. So they they crushed the report and so the stock popped. It didn't even pop as much as I thought. >> No, now it's been down >> and since then it is just steadily declined and now it's nearly back where it was before the pop. It's certainly back where it was a few weeks before it popped with earnings. And it's like it like
it priced it but then it just immediately went back down. I'm curious to hear your thoughts on that. What do you think's going on with the investor sentiment? >> It's wild, right? >> Are you still invested? >> Okay, hold on before Chris answers that quick PSA. You know how we always ask the guests what they're invested in? You can see exactly what Graham and I are invested in right now. Exactly. There's this app called Blossom Social and they're partnering with us on this and it's basically like a social media for investors where you could see exactly what people own, not just what they say they own. >> Grim and I both uploaded our entire portfolio so you can see everything that we're invested in and whether it's up or down dayto-day, which means we will finally be able to see which one of us is the better investor. >> Come on, we already know who that is. Jack, >> you know what, Graeme,
you are right. We do know which one of us is better. Anyway, over a million people have downloaded it and it was actually ranked one of Canada's fastest growing startups. And what's really cool about this is that it was started by a subscriber who reached out. We started talking. He told me that he was watching for almost 10 years at this point, got inspired, started the idea, and now look at it. So, I just think it's neat to be able to support the people who also supported us when we were just starting. And now seeing all the success of this, wanted to be a part of it. I uploaded my portfolio. I love it. Plus, there is another reason that we're telling you this. Caleb Hammer is on Blossom. And right now, he has more followers than us, and we cannot let that happen. So, this is the mission. We need to pass Caleb Hammer. That's the goal. That's all we need. The app is totally free. It cost
you nothing. And you can see how Jack and I are doing on there. We got to catch up to Caleb Hammer, please. The link is down below in the description. And it cost you nothing. It's free. Thank you so much. And now, let's get back to the conversation. >> Are you still invested? Oh yeah. I I mean I'm I'm out of my hyper levered options position like your weekly call options. >> Yeah. That that that's you know that that's all fully exited. I have a much smaller levered position in Amazon now. Uh it's still levered. I think Amazon is the perfect representation of the modern investor. The modern investor requires such a heavy level of dopamine hit with their investments that Amazon just is never sexy enough for them. Like it's wild to me. Amazon's just not willing to deliver what the modern investor wants. The modern investor is thinking in their head shortterm they want 3x. They want 4x potential.
They want even with options they want 7 8 10x potential. Amazon is not one of those companies because of its size. You have a company like Tesla. You have a company like SpaceX that's of almost equivalent size, but Elon puts out a narrative, whether you believe it or not, that makes you think it could be a $30 trillion company, right? I don't think it can be, but investors are buying it to some extent. the investors are willing to get excited about SpaceX because they buy this this kind of blue sky vision about infinite like value right in the universe that only SpaceX can deliver. So, Amazon's not doing that, right? Amazon, they're the there are these companies that the market just completely forgets about because they just don't have that level of sexiness and they're just not punching the dopamine meter for the average investor. I personally love it because I know that there will be moments
when the market's like, "Oh, shoot. Amazon really is special. Oh, wow. Those are big numbers. This is real." and it gives me opportunities to lever back into Amazon over and over again. So, I love to see Amazon falling here. I don't know when I'm going to make my big move to heavily lever back into it, but it's probably going to happen at some point in the next few months. >> Is there a certain price that you would relever back into Amazon? >> For me, it's not so much about price. I'm looking at what's taking the stock down. So, the stock first got taken down because of a story that came out out of the North Carolina DA's office or whatever, right? They're suing Amazon because they claim that Amazon was screwing advertisers out of like a penny per transaction >> by telling them that there was a nominal difference between the winning bid and the next bid, but then actually proactively making
that spread larger over time, which is like deceptive advertising. And there's potentially $20 billion in money that was taken from advertisers. So that's not a good story, but that's not a story that I find to be particularly impactful for the long term of Amazon, right? So like that case is going to go on for years. It will probably get settled and in 6 months, no one's going to be thinking about it or talking about it anymore. Yet the stock got hit pretty heavy on that one news story. Now today, the market comes out with the 10-year rate >> higher than anticipated. And again, people are thinking Amazon is going to be one of the companies that's hurt by that. So, I'm like, well, I just keep adding a little bit of Amazon every time this happens because if Amazon gets hit on a story that I don't think is particularly meaningful, then I'm going to go further into Amazon. If it gets hit by
something that I think is meaningful, I'll reassess and maybe lighten up on my Amazon. Right? The reason why I don't think interest rates matter, I think we talked about this on the last episode, for a company like Amazon is Amazon is increasing their level. If you believe them, and I do, I've said this for a long time. Yes, the borrowing cost is is is getting larger for a company like Amazon. Also of course the opportunity cost of being invested in a risk asset like Amazon uh becomes higher when you can get a higher rate on on no risk money obviously which is what's happening >> but compared to the increase in growth at a company like Amazon due to this a AI super cycle these small halfpoint moves are ultimately meaningless okay so I think historically when You look at a company like Amazon and you see a half point interest rate move. That's bad. But we are not in historical times. Like
we are in a very special moment when Amazon is increasing their growth from like 11% a year and a half ago to like 16% or something like that next year. So like a half point move isn't the thing we should be paying attention to. But I know why the market does because for 20 years that mattered. So you have this like muscle memory of higher interest rates. Bad for Amazon and other companies like it. But Amazon should be a class of company that is accelerating their growth at such a high rate where we should not be as concerned about interest rate movements as we were in the past. >> So what's your biggest trade coming up? I noticed you were posting about GTA. >> I Yeah. So, got get a lot of heat on this. I always get so much heat these days. Like, I don't know what's going on. >> You got more people following your every move. They see what you're doing and they're like, I'm going to bet my
life savings on that. >> I think I need to like recalibrate what you just said because I'm not used to it. >> And it's something that I just got to get used to and not take personally. I'll say this, the market is dumber than it's ever been because everybody has a strong opinion, but so few people, less than ever, are actually willing to do the real work. And I'm not saying that I'm right about GTA and Take 2, but what I'm saying is at least I did the work and I could point you to to the rationale behind my thesis. And every time someone questions me on my take two GTA thesis, I'm like, "Well, what's yours?" Like, like, you're saying it's baked into the stock price. You keep saying the words. It's already baked into the price. What's baked into the price? 30 million launch quarter units moved, 40 million, 50 million. What average revenue per user year 1 is baked into the like no one can answer
me like what's the benchmark? >> I feel like the answer is just a lot because everyone's been hyping this word. That's not a word. >> It is though. It's just it's this it's this infinite amount of hype that people are just attributing to this stock because GTA has just been teasing this for years. And it's it's not an amount you could measure just because it's infinite. >> There is no number. I I want to sell my my company to you and there's an infinite you can't even measure >> the amount of hype. Trust me though, it's infinite. We could see it's infinite because people are talking about it for years. >> This is so great. >> It's become a meme of like, oh, this happened before GTA did and for years. So, you don't think that's already been priced in to the nth degree for years? >> There has to be a number. Okay, you're part of it. >> It's just But there's so much excitement that you can't
pinpoint it to be like this is how much the excitement's worth. It's infinite. >> I love that you just said this because you are actually the most pragmatic, most rational, smartest guy, and even you are part of this problem that I'm talking about. >> It's not a problem, but it's a reality. >> It's the reality that you cannot price that stock accurately at all because there's so much hype going into it. >> Okay. So, okay. So, let me let me let me give you the inverse of what you just said. If what you said is factually true, then you essentially a guaranteed lock to short the company because it's baked in infinite. So no matter what the number is that they actually hit, it's going to be a disappointment. >> I almost tend to agree, but I would never short because you never know. It could be short-term hype that just skyrockets this thing and it becomes a meme a little bit. like GoPro was becoming
this like, oh, let's yolo into GoPro cuz Markiplier is doing it. It's like you never know. You can't predict that. But but >> okay, here's what I will admit to. Whether I agree with you or not, what you just said is the new norm and it's the reality of today's market and I need to accept that. And that's what I've come to learn over the last few days. Now guys, I'm going to age myself, but I was trading GTA's release on Take 2 in 1999. Okay? You don't know this about me, but like trading video game launches used to be one of my biggest trades back in the late '9s, early 2000s, right? I've been doing this a really long time. And back then, the people that traded Take 2 Interactive on GTA were really smart. And we had a very like uh a structural benchmark for what was anticipated and who thought they would come out above or below. And we were all placing our bets and we all put a tremendous
amount of work into whether or not we think the company would beat or miss based on this many units moved. that no longer exists because now every investor, yeah, we do have unit estimates that range between 30 million and 50 million for calendar year 1 for GTA, right? I personally think uh that based on the initial reactions of the first gameplay that came out last week that we will be at the high end of that, if not beyond the high end of that, which is why I took a long position in in in take two. But the market isn't even thinking about that because the market today's market in the people investing in take 2 don't even know what the projected unit sales are by sellside banks or by analyst or like they don't even care. They're just like they're they're investing in take 2 or shorting it or talking about it based on vibes. And it drives me actually insane because I read through, no joke,
like 30,000 organic comments on that Netflix trailer. And I'm so optimistic based on what I read that I was like, this is a best case scenario. And my entire thesis on Take 2 in GTA revolves around depth of interest in gameplay, which by the way is yet to be determined, but I only have 27 minutes so far to determine that. And based on the reactions on that 27 minutes, I think it's highly likely that we are going to have a really strong depth of interest in gameplay, the the deeper that interest, the easier it will be for Take 2 and Rockstar to monetize that game when they come out with online. And the big question is, can they monetize it at $20 per active monthly user or $60 per active monthly user? And if it's closer to $60 per monthly active user, if the number of active users is like 50 60 million plus, dude, you could see Take 2 stock double. So like I'm being very rational and pragmatic
about the trade about like my scenario analysis and like what cues I'm looking for to identify that scenario playing out versus that scenario out. The problem is that almost no other investor is doing what I'm doing. So even if I'm right right now, it's not going to be reflective in the stock because I crunch the numbers a day before everybody else cuz I'm like I'm going through doing what I do and I'm thinking, okay, I just fast traded this. I I think this scenario is going to play out and 3 days later everyone else is going to see it. Well, 3 days later, no one's seeing it cuz no one everyone's too lazy to do the work that I'm doing. They're not even running scenario analysis. They're not even doing any type of real work to assess if they're likely to come up above the the recognized benchmark for unit sales for for for arpoo. Like no one does the work anymore. >> Yeah. But but that means
all of your work is for nothing because people are buying based off vibes. >> Yes. >> And that's already priced in and you can't price in the vibes. >> Yeah. And so like I have to be honest with the reality of the market and that's something that I've come to terms with over the fa past few days because what happened guys was there was a rumor that came out that they're going to delay online for 2 years and it's not because they can't put out online if if if that rumor were to be true it's because Rockstar wants it to be true. It's because they they think there's a strategic reason to hold two years. I don't think they're holding out two years. I don't think that's going to happen with GTA 5. They released online I think like 17 days after the console the normal version came out. Okay. So, and by the way, what's really fascinating here is like like Rockstar and GTA, they were the innovators
that took microtransactions to AAAS console gaming and prove that you could generate billions of dollars from a AAA console game through GTA. Even this year, 13 years after GTA 5 came out, they're generating like 600 million from microtransactions from a 13-year-old game. Okay. So, if you run the numbers, I think like when I run all my scenario analysis out, I think there's a reasonable shot that they could land somewhere between two and $3 billion a year through microtransactions with GTA 6. Okay. with the online version. That's on top of selling 50 60 million potential copies at an average price of like 90s something dollars because almost everyone's buying the $100 copy versus the $80 copy, right? And so there was also news that came out from Sensor Tower. Sensor Tower is like the tracking service for games. And again, no one does their research, so no one even knows where these numbers
come from. Sensor Tower is a company that historically only does research on Steam games. Okay? So, when they do when they put out their estimates on how many pre-sales of a Steam game, they're usually off by 3 or 4%. This is the first time ever that they're putting out an estimate in the last few months. They just started doing this on a console game. So, the methodology they're using is unknown. They don't have access to all the things you have access to on a Steam game, which is they've been doing it for years and years and years. They they've been able to refine their numbers, right? We don't even know if they're right or not. But what they're saying is that the pre-sales are only like 4.8 million. And people are like, "Dude, that feels low." Well, of course it's low. Even if they're right, it doesn't matter because this is only a digital game. Who the hell was pre-ordering a digital
game? You go back to GTA 5 in 2013 and I want to say they had 7 million pre-sales, but that was a hard game. That wasn't a digital game. You're going to you're going to pre-order that game because if you don't pre-order it, you might not have it on day one. This is only digital. You don't need to pre-order. >> So, why don't you invest just a little downstream of that and think, well, people are probably going to be drinking a lot of energy drinks. People are probably going to be buying comfier chairs, better monitors, and like go a step beyond this. >> You can and there are some actually really there are some interesting secondary trades here >> or things to short like if people are spending more money on video games, you know, probably short >> short Barnes & Noble. >> Yeah. Or like the dating market somehow. Maybe like, you know, the the apps are really going to see, you know, lower numbers.
>> Oh, that that's fair. So, so >> I was thinking about we're actually going to do a separate like whole dumb money just another GTA episode. We're talking about all these secondary trades, but like I'll just give you some of them like like Door Dash >> is going to do phenomenal. I actually told my restaurant group, and I bet they haven't done it yet because they never listened to me, but I told them that I wanted to have a GTA delivery special where we come up with like packages of food that dudes would want to eat while playing GTA. No, >> something that doesn't get your fingers sticking. >> Yeah. But listen, it's it's just a way to have fun with it. We can do social media, right? And like I want every gamer in Dallas >> pizzas. >> Yeah, dude. Dude, we already have we already have all the pizzas. We have all that stuff at my restaurant. So like I want every GTA gamer in Dallas thinking
Chelsea Corner, Milo's, let's order from them cuz I saw their Instagram. I saw that they're doing GTA specials. Let's just make it fun, man. Let's just lean into this because like for 60 days, dude, do you know how much Door Dash is going to be ordered in America? Okay, it's like all right, let's just say they do. Let's just say they do 40. Let's just say they do 30 million by but on the first week. Okay. Roughly onethird of historically of GTA's gamers are in the US. Twothirds are are foreign. Again, I honestly feel that I'm the only person that knows all this. Like cuz investors are so lazy. Do they even read the earnings report? Do they even know anything about Take 2 Interactive? I'm just like so many investors will get on X and start chiming off at me. I'm like, have you even done one minute of actual work on what you're talking about? I know so much about this franchise. I have 26 years
27 years of work that I've done on GTA. Okay, I might be totally wrong, but I'm informed. You know what I'm saying? Like, and people that are mouththing off at me, maybe they're right. Maybe they'll get lucky and they're right, but like they're not they haven't even done the work. I'm like, can we at least have an intelligent conversation? I would love nothing more, nothing more, and I've asked people to do this than to actually comment on my exost on GTA with wellthoughtout devil's advocate takes using data and perspective and like benchmarks. I invite that. You guys know that. I love that. That's what I love. But I can't have intelligent discourse with investors anymore because it feels like there's no intelligent investors. Everybody's surface level. Everyone's for vibes. Everyone's for dopamine hits. And like it sucks. I love that there's so many investors, but I wish people would just
chill out and actually do a little bit of homework and let's have some intelligent discourse on like these narratives and these thesis and these takes and like these trades that like I'm putting on or they're putting on. But I think Door Dash can connect. 10 million guys in the US are going to be playing GTA non-stop for like starting November whatever 17th or the end of the year. >> Is that a confirmed release date or could this be something they're going to be going to be January? >> It's Listen, it's always possible. >> But dude, if they delay that, that would be catastrophic because you want to release it going into the holiday season for so many reasons. Kids are getting off of school. It's winter time. Like you're stuck at your house. Like half the country. It's miserable. You want to you want a game, right? Like >> dude, they need they can't miss that. If they miss that release, Take
Two is going to fall through the floor. No doubt about it. 10 million guys ordering food nonstop. Okay. It's definitely going to help Door Dash. Probably going to help Uber through Uber Eats, right? Um there are some other plays here too. You saw that that this movie studios were preparing saying that they were expecting >> yes it was going to impact viewership >> there there's probably some pretty fun secondary trades to be had but I still think the main trade is on take two. I just don't have any sense for timing because it's really difficult for me to assess when other investors are going to see even if I'm right when will other investors start to see what I'm seeing will take 2 has been pretty quiet with numbers so will they even come out and say we have this many they haven't done it have this many pre-orders they said one thing they said something like the number of pre-orders I think
this was in the first week was unprecedented. Unprecedented. Okay. So, like, and again, who the hell is pre-ordering a digital game? You could just order it the day of. There's no difference. So, like, I think the fact that they have almost 5 million pre-orders according to Sensor Tower, and maybe it's six or seven or eight cuz they've never done this before with a console game and and had a history. Like, I think that's pretty great. Um, and I think there could be a moment here when the market wakes up to take two. I'll tell you the thing I'm most excited about about GTA though. You could tell me if you think I'm wrong. I've been talking about this in a lot of different ways. There is this going back to the SW remember I brought that swatch watch back to you guys and we're talking about how people just love to wait hours for Fro yo or for like the new hot sweatshirt release or the or the
skin care release. >> Trader Joe's bag, >> dude. Trader Joe, it doesn't matter what it people love. Why? Why are they doing this? Like I think people are really thirsting for like human connection and a cultural moment of connectivity where we're all doing something together cuz we rarely do things together anymore. We used to all watch TV on Thursday night with Seinfeld and Friends and all that stuff and like nobody and then even Game of Thrones, right? Or whatever it was. Like we have so few cultural moments where we're able to bond as humans. I think the Olympics was one of those for a little bit this year and it was really cool to see or like when you have these limited releases people love lining up I think because they just want to feel like next to other humans that care about the same thing they do. I think GTA is a magical moment for our culture and that is the most crossgeneral
crossgenerational game we've ever seen. There are guys in their like 40, they grew up with this, right? Like the the first GTA, multiple generations grew up with GTA. I'm reading comments where guys are like, "Dude, I had to get permission from my parents to play this game." And they're like, "No, I'm not getting permission from my girlfriend now." You know what I'm saying? Like, it's really funny. But I think what's going to happen is people are go this game's going to come out and if you're not playing it, you're going to feel that you're getting left out of something really special, like a historic moment, at least a guy moment, right? >> Are you going to play it? >> So, I don't play a lot of video games myself. But I will tell you this. I will tell you this. Hold on. I did play I have played GTA historically. >> And for research or for fun? >> For fun. No, for fun. Which one? Um, >> going
all the way back to 99. Okay. And then I play GTA 5, but now I have a son. He's 16 and all of his buddies are going to be playing. >> I will be in the room. >> Okay. Like, so whether I I will play it a little bit myself, >> but whether I'm like actively playing it myself, trust me, I'm going to be in the room with my son and his friends, like living through them, cuz like I will almost have more fun watching them play than like I will get on and play some, but I'm not going to be like spending hours upon hours like melting into the GTA world. >> That did remind me. I remember in high school there was something. I think it was called Halo Tuesday and it was all the kids took off the Tuesday to play Halo and it wasn't just like my school. It was like the whole county Halo Tuesday to play Halo. Dude, I we don't get this much anymore, guys. Like I just think this is going to be one of those cultural
moments that people lean into. And what's going to happen is a lot of guys don't have friends to hang out with. We live in a lonely system. We know this. Everyone's going through what they call it the male >> loneliness epidemic. >> And so if you're one of the many many millions, probably tens of millions of guys that are sitting alone in your apartment or your house and you you're part of that epidemic, you feel a sense of connectivity by buying GTA and playing it. I hate to say it, but like you're doing the same thing that every other guy is doing from November, whatever through the end of the year, and you're part of something and you're not alone. And you can go on forums and talk about it. You could like when the online comes out, you could be part of that. I actually think this is even though this game is kind of evil in many ways, I think it's an important positive thing for connectivity
for this this younger generation and the older generation as well. And it's something we can all connect to together and hopefully I can make money off of. >> I agree. I think if you're not a part of these cultural movements, then you do kind of get FOMO. Like even as crazy as this comparison is, but similar to Adrian's kickback. Do you remember that? >> No. >> Oh, I remember that. Adrian's kickback. It was a thing that was posted on like Tik Tok and everyone. It was a It was something I think that meant to be a text from one individual to another. >> I thought it was Facebook or maybe it was Facebook, but it accidentally got posted publicly. It might have been a Facebook post that was supposed to be a message or private Facebook and it was like, "Hey bro, are you going to go to Adrian's kickback?" >> And then it just went like wildfire all over social media. And like then actually I think
like tens of thousands if not hundreds of thousands of people all met in Huntington Beach for Adrian's Kickback. I >> do remember this. This like seven years ago maybe. >> Yeah, maybe a little less than that. It might have been like 2021ish. Uh but yeah, everyone met up for Adrian's kickback and then ever they, you know, not rioted, but like it ended up not in the greatest way, but it was one of those things that like you felt like you were a part of something if you went or if you knew about it, if you knew someone that went. You didn't want to know that Adrian's kickback was going on that night and not check Snap Maps or check like, you know, Tik Tok to see what it was like. I feel like also gaming is about to shift and this is probably a final moment for this style of game too. Like no one's going to spend 13 years building a game ever again. Uh Rockstar won't do it. This is the last GTA
that will ever come out. They'll do nothing but expansion packs. No, they could they'll they'll expand off this. >> They won't spend 13 years. But couldn't AI eventually get so good that it's changing in the moment and you could create a video game just like that that evolves? I think that I think that's what this I think that's what they'll do here. They'll use AI to evolve this beyond, right? But they're not gonna be I don't think it's going to be like GTA 7. >> I think they've come out and basically said that's the plan is not to have GTA 7, but to like build this out. They'll spend a decade using AI to do all that stuff and they'll expand to other cities, but it'll be part of this universe um and this character set >> I think. Um, but it is kind of like a last moment and I think it's almost spiritual. I know that sounds crazy, but like in a world in a time when we don't have a lot of
like spiritual moments like especially for guys, I think guys need this right now. And I cuz listen, you're talking to someone that's read more comments, like actual comments, not from investors, but from people that are just regular people who watched that video on Netflix or YouTube and just shared their comments like about how excited they are about how they've been waiting for this. And like I think a lot of these people that like shoot for clicks by saying outrageous things like once you get past that the the breath and depth of interest in this release there's something really special about to happen guys. People been waiting 10 plus years for this. Like they have and it's going to be a magical moment. And I think people are underappreciating how big this can be for Take 2 Interactive because they could generate billions a year off microtransactions if the game play is as good as it
appears to be. And again, all the things that people are saying is a negative, I have have a rebuttal against. Like people are like, "Oh, but the story line doesn't look." They didn't give you any story line. It was a 27minute like gameplay. There's specifically not giving you any story line, guys. Um like you could look through every single thing that someone said might be a negative about this and it just makes no sense to me at all. Um I thought it was probably a 10 of 10 trailer in terms of what I was expecting. I was expecting something way worse. And I was expecting the backlash of that 27minute trailer to be pretty rough. And I was stunned how all the truly like like engaged gamers, the people that do this for a living, the people that love it, like their actual organic reactions to this were phenomenal. >> How much money do you expect to put on that investment? I mean, I have millions
in it right now, but it's just an equity trade. I could see myself I'm This is not going to be an Amazon type of thing, guys, right? But like, I could see myself putting a million dollar options trade on Take Two. In my head, I have this little thing. I kind of want to make a million dollars or more on on on GTA. Like, I was just It's a stupid thing, but I was like, I don't play the game, but I play the stock. So, like I I want to make a million dollars on G on the GTA release. if there's an opportunity to do it. Um, I'll let you know if I pull that off or maybe I might lose a million. >> Would you be upset if you only made $875,000? >> No, I wouldn't be upset. But like I kind of like just >> But you want that million, >> you know? Like you you know guys that like part of this is a game for me. I love it and I have fun with it. So like in my head I'm like it would be cool to make a million
dollars on GTA. Yeah, it'd be cool. And like so like in my head I'm trying to make a million dollars on GTA. Um, that's how I'm playing the game. >> Yeah. >> All right. >> It's actually really perfect timing because we filmed with Steve Hamilton recently and he said the one license plate he couldn't get was GTA IRL and right after the podcast I looked online in Vegas. It was available. No. >> And so I bought the license plate GTA space IRL. >> What car are you putting it on? >> Probably the Lotus Avora. >> The Miami blue Lotus Avora with orange accents. It's kind of a crazy car to put GTA IRL, >> but it makes me think, man, the timing. If I get that plate at the same time as the release, part of me is thinking maybe I should just flip that plate >> and just post it online and say like, who wants this plate? See what I can get for >> So, not flip it to someone that's going to use it in Nevada,
but someone that would buy it as like >> No, no, it has to be used in Nevada. >> Okay. Okay. >> Because it's state specific, so it says Nevada on it. If someone is registering a car in Nevada and they want GTA IRL, how much is that plate worth? Steve couldn't get it in Chicago. If I get it in Nevada, I'm I'm assuming it's going to be approved because they didn't say no. >> Dude, that is so badass. Like you got that. That's >> I think the plate's got to be worth like five grand. >> Dude, it Could you imagine having that in Florida? Oh, dude, that >> Florida LA would be another one. >> That'd be insane. I'm going I Have you checked Texas? I got to do that like the second we're done taping. Dude, that would be cool. I don't know if it's appropriate for my pickup truck, but I will. >> How about you should get it, but only put it on your car if you make a million >> in GTA. And if you don't, you
could always just sell. I guarantee there is so many people here with exotics. >> Can you sell a license plate though? >> GTA IRL is not available in Florida. >> How about Texas? Whoever is watching this, if you're not in Nevada or Texas or Chicago, look it up because I I actually think it's a pretty funny >> It's an awesome plate. >> Uh Steve said it >> it's not available. >> And then show the >> That's cool. >> Do a Yeah, >> that would be cool. >> That's an awesome plate. >> That that that's what it should look like. >> Oh, that's so clean. >> Especially in the black. What I really wanted in Vegas is they have a police badge license plate. It's black with a police badge on the lefth hand side. I wanted GTA IRL with the police badge, but you could only have like four characters on that. >> Oh, >> so it was a little short, but I wanted that one. I thought it would be perfect. >> That's clean,
dude. That's It's pretty sweet. >> What are your thoughts on GoPro? >> No thoughts. I mean, I >> just vibes. >> 100% just vibes. People were texting me the GoPro chart and I was like, "Oh god, here we go again." And so, like, every time this happens, I get so annoyed if it actually ends up running that I have to go buy some just for my FOMO cuz I know what's going to happen. My entire feed's going to get flooded. Like, what if GoPro went to $4, $5? >> It It would annoy me so much. So, I have to buy just enough to where it won't annoy me, but not too much to where I care if it doesn't happen. And that's exactly what I did. >> How much did you buy? >> I bought uh I think it was like $40,000 of GoPro and I sold it. And I think I made the tiniest amount of money on it. Like I got to look to see if it was a profit or loss. I think it was a slight profit. You know what's really interesting to me
is that Markiplier bought 8.5% of the company, but when he bought in the market cap of GoPro was only like 60 million bucks. So, he invested probably around $8 million in GoPro. I don't know his affiliation with GoPro or if he just liked the company or if he talked to someone. And uh because at eight and a half% that's very intentional that he's going public about his >> investment. Yeah. To that degree. So, I think that was definitely a publicity play. It's not like I just really like the stock that much, maybe, but it didn't cost him that much money. I mean, we're talking about like he put like $5 million in GoPro. >> Yeah. And he won, right? >> He did. And he turned that into probably $20 million total. >> It's It's a insane trade. Honestly, it's a it's a risky trade, >> but I feel like I'm just I'm just saying if you came out and said, "Hey, I put $5 million in this stock and it made
you like a 10% owner in this company." >> I'm not saying you should do that. It's just not my thing. >> But if it comes out like Chris Camilo buys 10% in that, >> are you advocating for it? I'm just I'm not saying you should do but I'm just hypothetically >> it comes out that you own like a big majority you know you're a majority that dude that's a you know what >> I don't >> if if you think it's a great idea >> the only time I considered something like that and it was during the pandemic was Build-a- Bear. I actually I I went Holy crap. >> I went really deep into Build-A-Bear. Like I was interviewing Build-A-Bear stores constantly. >> You would be probably a billionaire. >> I know. So like the one of the top Build-A-Bear investors was a friend and we were sharing intel all the time and I was like, "Dude, this company is insanely underval." I had a huge trade on Build-A-Bear. Like I made
a insane amount of money on Build-A-Bear during the pandemic, but I was like, they're just like one hit product away. Like they it doesn't take much to move the needle for that company. It was crazy how low it was valued. And I was and I had some guys, some hedge fun guys, they're like, "Dude, you should just buy a piece of like I had a plan for Build-A-Bear, like like what we can do with them." And they're like, "Dude, you should do it." Like and I was like, "It would work, but I'm I don't want I don't want the weight of that on my shoulders." like I don't want a job again. I don't want to be a CEO of a company again. Like I'm those days are long gone. But that would have been that would have been fun cuz I was going to like I was going to merge Build-A-Bear into the collectible space and we're going to do all kinds of crazy collabs cuz I didn't feel like they were doing enough collabs and
I was like there are some wild Build a Bear collabs that we could be doing that would be so easy to do. we would get so much traction on them. And I was gonna basically take the Crocs model and move it to Build-A-Bear. I think it would have worked. And they do a little bit of that, but they don't do enough of it. I I feel like I feel like they just need a really good marketing content social arm to that company that they just they've just never really had. they go for these big brand deals with like Disney or whatever when they should be doing like really like creative, gutsy, cool collaborations uh on Build the Bear. So, like that was basically my plan. And I I feel like there's so many things you could do with the bear. Like there's just a lot of stuff you can do to make it even more fun and more dynamic to have not just kids going in, but have more adults going in all the time doing stuff.
So, I mean, you know how many like adult women do like all like the surprise stuff with like Dude, it's it's love it. >> Yeah. And I I felt like Build-A-B Bear Management didn't really fully understand the culture of like like that adult uh like treasure hunting or like getting your niche thing like collectible like limited release and using those limited release schedules to get more hype just to get people on the brand in the store and then they happen to get other stuff too. >> Yeah, 100%. cuz the like the mom or whatever goes in or someone goes in for that little thing and they get a couple presents for their niece or this or that, right? I'm not going to do it. But like but like that would have been a fun one. >> I would love to see a Camila take over. >> Yeah. Not going to happen, guys. And I'm just having fun doing what I do now. Now I got to already I got to already deal with all
these the 30 or 40 million new investors who are vibe investing, critiquing everything I say every day. What market are you most bullish on that you can't invest in? >> I think embodied AI is a tough one for people to invest in. I could invest in it, but most people can't because it's still private, right? >> Yeah. But if you could throw your money into just like a generalized fund of a certain market, what would it be? >> I actually think it's it's content. You know, I've talked about this guys. I think we're going through a massive transition from conventional content to new media. I think the world of podcasting and two guys and a mic, no offense here, but I think was podcasting 1.0. I think the next kind of like phase of entertainment, phase of media is going to be something that kind of sits between this first generation of podcasting and what we know of as as TV. And I think there are
people who are amazing content creators that are going to be pushing the limits of that space the next 5 years. And I think they will become increasingly valuable as a lot of the old school media companies are looking to invest in like new media and what that looks like. Because guys, we it's actually crazy. Nobody watches TV anymore. Like other than maybe some sports and maybe some like huge viral programming on Netflix, >> nobody watches TV cuz I have not watched one thing this year. I watch a few episodes of of like Stacey's show with my wife because it was like going back to a time when some characters that we knew from back in the day, but like I can't do it. Like I'm on a text thread with these guys who are like talking about all these great TV shows, they're all in their 40s and 50s. I'm like, "Dude, that sounds really good." I start I put the I can't do it. I put the show on, I'm
10 minutes in, I'm back to TikTok. I'm back to my short form media. like my mind has been corrupted by short form media and now but the learning from that is every single 20some year old that's their brain >> but it's bad it's it's I've started to really uh notice it now and I've I've stopped myself actually from watching shorts and I've cut down dramatically because I remember just looking around at everyone is just like sitting there like a zombie is like you're >> and it's in when you start to see it and notice it. Someone was joking on Twitter and they said that scrolling was like a low class behavior. And when I saw when when that it just clicked to me it's like you will never see someone who's like doing something who's really successful sitting on their phone scrolling >> and it just like clicked for me. It's like holy the amount of time that you waste >> scrolling. I hate myself for
I mean it's my job. >> Yeah. >> But I still hate myself for it. Cuz last night I found myself scrolling for Bethany Frankle Burning Man videos to start up, which they did. And I was like, dude, I hate myself so much. I can't believe that like rather than watching like one of these highquality shows that my buddies are talking about, I'm watching Bethany Frankle arriving at Burning Man and I was like, "This is disgusting. This is like the lowest of all lowquality behavior right now." >> Bethany Frankle. >> I don't know who she >> dude. Wow. Guys, >> I I had this talk with I had this talk with someone a week ago about generation gaps. >> I have no idea. I've never seen her. >> And and >> yeah, dude, she's like she's from that she's the OG from Housewives. She's like huge on I mean I don't like her. Okay. I hate watcher. I hate watcher as most people do. But like sometimes I feel I have a generation
like divide with people that are 15 20 years younger than me cuz I'm still 10 years younger than them in my brain. And like you guys right now to me are my generation divide but you're older than me instead of you're actually 20 years younger than me. Dude, how do you know who Bethany Frankle is? >> See, but this this is the problem. >> This is the problem. Like when your mind is melted on TikTok, that's all you know. And it's disgusting. But I just think we're going to look back like uh cigarettes were so socially acceptable back in the day and there's so many things that we did that were like, "Oh my god, we had no idea they were that harmful." I think we'll look back at shorts and the algorithm and scrolling of the impact that has to your brain and we're going to have a divide of people, those who were raised on shorts and those who were not. >> And it's going to be like a birth defect
to some degree of like, oh, your parents smoked. Well, you you know, well, they were pregnant and you know, you don't have as quite of a leg up as those whose parents didn't do that. >> I agree with you. It's really bad. I feel terrible when I'm doing it. It's just like, >> can you stop? Could you stop yourself? >> No. >> Is it is it because you rationalize it as research or is it an addiction or is it like, hey, this gives me alpha in the market and the market is the most important and this gets me there. >> Both are true. Like I have to do it cuz I have to stay in the weeds of culture and consumer behavior and what people are talking about, what they're thinking about, where they're going, what they're spending their money on, what they care about, how they spend their time, who they want to give attention to. If I lose that, then I lose my edge in the market. >> Mhm. >> But sometimes I
feel like I don't need to do it as much as I do it. And I I just can't stop because it's addictive. It's a fullon >> I think I think I think it is a it's it's a chemical drug for your brain that just it it uh it zombifi like it liquefies your brain and dumbs everything down. >> Yeah. >> And it's just it's a it's a numbing uh cream basically for your mind. >> I I think the only way for me to get out is I'm going to have to dedicate time away from it. Like someone was just telling me so I'm in Austin every week now for this whole podcast studio and someone was telling me that Barton Creek opens up like between 8 and 10 and you could just go there and meditate and journal. I'm not journaling, but like I'm just going to when I'm in Austin, I'm going to start going there to be around other people that are not on their phone and just doing stuff like journaling and meditating to where I will feel
so guilty picking up my phone if I'm just around those people that I hope that's the way it is that I'm just going to like be at one with my thoughts and I don't know stretch or do something. >> What works really well for me is just cutting out on like generalized screen time as opposed to like intentional screen time. So, for example, if you do your deep research between like 10 p.m. and 2 a.m., if you have that time blocked out for, okay, I'm going to go on TikTok. I'm going to do that like check everything, read all these comments, that's productive. Anything outside of that, for example, in passing instead of like noticing the beautiful landscape as you're passing through some place like walking to a coffee shop, you're on your phone like scrolling on TikTok. Like, I would say that's like that part of that human experience that we're all kind of here for. you're missing that and you're
trading that for something that's actually pretty valueless. Like we've said, that I think is liquefying your brain more is like removing that experience of like noticing life than intentional time between 10 p.m. and 2 a.m. that is spent doing research to collect alpha in the market. And the way that I intentionally try to like or the way I try to segment it and be more intentional at times and less intentional at others is I just make sure that like my color filter is on on my phone to turn everything black and white when I'm not intentionally watching videos, doing social media, or it's like intentional downtime. My problem is I get somewhere early like to the doctor's office and I have 10 minutes before my appointment and I'm scrolling reals instead of like sitting there and like existing with myself. I mean that I think that makes a lot of sense. And also I heard a guy say recently that
if you do the same thing constantly every day, which is like scrolling. >> Yeah. That that that your life moves quicker. >> Yes. Your life compresses. >> Compresses, which scared the hell out of me. I was like, >> I think it is true. I I thought about it. I'm like, dude, that's been happening to me. I need to change it up. Like a lot of stuff. I think I'm going to start going to like a different coffee shop some mornings and just see different people. >> Minor things that make it I saw it was like take a different way to work in the morning. Uh take a walk instead of this. >> See how boring this is? >> What is that? >> It's a hot dog. >> Well, not that. I'm saying like if you're like watching reals, do you see how much more boring it is if it's in black and white? >> That's really good. You're right. >> Like it's it it's >> see it though. I'm so I'm such a >> No, no, no, no, no. Like, you
go on reals and it makes you want to get off of it. It really like you'll only last five minutes doing this until until And it pulls you out because a lot of the times the problem is you open up your phone, you swipe, you don't even look where the Instagram app is. Your your thumb just knows it. And so it's it's like a second nature almost. If you close out of a message tab with someone, you go to your home feed just sitting on your couch and your thumb automatically navigates it its way to the Instagram app and then to the reals and to the messages like but if you do this it makes you understand what you're doing and forces consciousness and so this will slow you down and then you can you know turn off the color filter when you have that time between 10 and 2. Try it out for a couple days see if it works >> or maybe don't turn it off that way like you're intentionally staying on only as
long as you really need to be. True. Yeah, it makes it just slightly less enjoyable and more like research based. >> I love it. I'll try it. >> Guys, thank you so much for tuning in. So, basically, >> you know why we're here. We already explained it in the beginning of the episode. Thank you so much. >> Thank you to Chris. This also Skyouse, this is your studio. >> You didn't really plan on hosting podcasts here, but this is located in Dallas. It's also going to be used as an event space. So, if you want to rent out a place to watch the Super Bowl, they have this huge LED screen. If you guys want to check it out, man, my whole group, well, we'll book it for you. >> If you want to hire Jack and I as an appearance fee to show up at your Super Bowl party, we'll be open to that, too. >> I would do that. >> You just have to pay for our stay at the Embassy Suites. >> That's it. >> Thank you guys
so much for watching. >> Uh, the one with the king bed, by the way, corner room. >> Well, we both got when we came and it was on our dime, what did we get? Two full beds separated. >> Full beds. >> Non corner, by the way. That's fine. >> The smoking room. >> A little cheaper. >> So, with that said, thank you so much. Till next time. See you.