If every one user is more valuable for me because I have high margins, I can spend much more money on one user than my competitors because I am making more money out of out of that user. So like it gives them a certain edge which they could eventually use as well. >> What's up everybody? It's LGD here and welcome to Milk Road Stocks, the daily market show that has a new mission in life. Become the number one influencer for companies that no one has ever heard about. Today is September 29th, 2026. What the hell is bending spoons? Until a few weeks ago, no one at Milk Gro or probably even in our audience, although you guys are pretty sharp, knew about this company. But ever since Vincent gave us a deep dive on the business just a few weeks back, it has caught the eye of other investors here on our team. Today, Martin, our lead researcher, is on the show to present his own in-depth valuation
model for this very unique business that basically acquires slow growth software companies and revitalizes them using AI and turns them into very profitable businesses. We get pretty technical on this show, but at the end, Martin will reveal whether he's got this one in his portfolio or not. So, make sure you stick with us. And if you do want to see what he is investing in right now, it's just a dollar to take a peek at his portfolio at the link below and to catch the next wave of the AI trade whenever it gets going. Martin, good morning. Today, we're going to talk about Bending Spoons. And this is a company that I didn't know existed until a few weeks ago when Vincent told us about it. I only just realized the last couple days that I guess it's a a like Matrix analogy, right? Because you're bending the spoon. The little kid is bending the spoon. Although, I don't know, maybe that's not what
the name is supposed to be. But I I I assume that that's the main reason that it's called bending spoons, but we're going to learn a lot more about it today than just what it's what the name is based on. >> You're actually right that that's the idea behind it. >> It is. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, it's like using your mind to bend something or just like that they're going to do something cool. They're going to do something that you didn't think was possible. Yeah. That kind of thing. Cool. Okay, great. So, today I'm going to talk about bending spoons. Obviously, we have been looking at bending spoons over the past few weeks as LG said and you know we had a good discussion with Winend about bending spoons because we both really like the company. We both built a different model and today I want to present you with my model which suggest in my base case that the fair value for this company should
be something around 40 48 bucks which is um 45% higher than the current price. And so I'm going to walk you through my model and I'm going to share my rational and my assumption so you can make your own opinion and make your own judgment. >> When you say model, what do you mean? Like what's what's the difference between you and Vincent's model? What is what are your models? How do you come how do you come up with your models? >> I think we use the same kind of approach because you have multiple ways how you can build a model. So maybe it's you are trying to predict their future cash flows or maybe you are just trying to summarize the different parts of their business at the current value. Like there are different ways how you can approach this and I think we have similar approach but we have different assumptions. So like I'm going to present my assumptions and why I think these numbers are
kind of my own estimates and why I believe that these numbers are you know relevant and they are fair to to have. >> Got it. Okay, that makes sense. Let's get into it. Obviously, right now, Bending Spoons trading 33 bucks and my base case or my my fair value right now should be much higher and something around 48 bucks. But before before I explain everything, I should share some context about what spending what bending spoon does and how they make money. And [clears throat] so today, Bending Spoons is a company that's buying different companies. And right now the market cap is 42 billion. Um they have debt 5 billion. So if you look at the companies, you should not only look at market cap because you are also buying the debt. So like enterprise value is right now 247 billion. they're making um like 2026 uh guidance for the revenue are at 2.8 billion and their adjusted operating margins are
45% which is pretty good and we also have to say they have made over 50 acquisitions since they started. So it's not a newcomer because right now it feels like this market is getting very hot and like you know because the idea is super compelling like everyone wants to use AI but only few like companies know how to use AI effectively. So like bending bending spoons is not saying like hey we have got a solution for you. They are saying we know how to use AI but we are gonna acquire you and we are going to just transform your business. And you can see some some of their numbers here. So they are growing um pretty nicely over the last few years. And yeah this should kind of set up the context for the whole company. And just so you know of their current portfolio, all the companies that they own today, they have access to five million monthly active users across all these platforms. And you know
that's pretty insane number. There's 7 8 billion people on this planet and they have access to 500 million monthly active users. So um not all of them are paying obviously but you know if you bring that operational excellence to those companies at some point you will be able to monetize them somehow. Um and so that's a pretty pretty huge asset to have. >> It also feels like it's it's it's different. So, I just have a comment on this as I've been learning more about it from Vincent and now from you've been hearing you talk too. It's that a lot of the companies that you guys cover on on our episodes, it's like they have they have some kind of end client that they serve in some way, right? It's like they're going to be another enterprise or hyperscaler or something like that. This company is unique in the way that it's like yes they do have clients but they have 500 million they don't really
have clients they have 500 million active users across a variety of products and the whole model is to continue to evolve what they're offering those people. So it's like they don't really it's not really like oh well if the demand for their compute slows down then they're not going to be able to you know what I mean it's it's it's way different than like an infraplay. This is like, no, no, no. They're just buying up companies that haven't evolved and and their customers and then transforming it and and their their sauce is that they know how to use AI really well. That's the that's that's that's what's so unique about them. And I think that I think it's such a a cool idea and it's and I didn't realize there was a company that's already so advanced at doing this, right? I think it's so cool. >> Yeah. And uh also the founders they they've had a startup before it failed and the reason is that
they said they couldn't find like the distribution the users and so right now they are not necessarily like looking for companies that will need to find the distribution. They are already buying existing companies with huge user bases. And so like you know they are just saying like hey you have huge user base that's all we need because everything else that's what we can do but the the the most critical and most difficult part is to get users that's like and even with AI it's it's even getting like more visible because right now everyone can build like you know we were just talking about how powerful these AI models are and so like build software is pretty easy but like they have the users already so they don't need to do anything else to get them because again it's getting very very tricky and complicated but at the same time just don't get me wrong like I don't think people will go and they
will try to build their own notion or streamyard we are just you know using streamyard like like yes it's easy but not not that easy so you can build something like this at scale Right, >> we're going to pause for a second. The AI trade is changing. The bottleneck stocks are either running out of steam or getting ready for another leg higher while the application layer is finally starting to show some real profits. Our analysts were early to the last wave and now they are buying for the next one. Catch your next call inside Milkro Pro for just a dollar at the link below. >> I get it. Yeah. So it's it's not it's it's also you know and you you and Kyle talk so much about software companies and kind of where they're at in the evolution of that and you're right that it's like yes there's a lot of companies that can be vibe coded with anthropic or with cloud but it's like things like what we're
using right now. It's like you're pretty far away from being able to vibe code a a streaming platform that probably I mean Streamyard must have a lot of users is the most common common platform there is in the industry and it's and it processes a lot of data on a daily basis right and it works incredibly well. It's gonna be really hard to vibe code that at that scale, right? So, there's still a lot of value in these these software companies and then Streamyard is not one of their companies, but like you're saying is that it's it's there's a middle ground there of stuff that can't just be reinvented by vibe coding overnight. >> Exactly. Yeah. And this is again just like what they do like put it very simply. Um they buy cheaply, fix quickly, run for cash and repeat. That's that's their whole kind of strategy. That's the whole thing. >> It sounds very easy. Um, and it actually is easy. Like
if you have all the tools and like everything in place, it is actually easy and it's repeatable process. And the more you do it, the better you get it at it. And like you know that's how you create your kind of unique insights and that's how you I'll talk about like economics of scale a little bit later. So right now they just buy companies at like very low revenue multiples usually usually around 2.5 um the two latest acquisitions were Air Table it cost them 2.7 uh multiple revenue multiples and Mirror at 2.3 revenue multiples and it also takes them some time to kind of transform all these companies bring them onto their platform and like make sure that the margins are there at at the goal that they want. And so like in my model I think like for the first year they are certainly not going to hit like 50 50% margins. So in my model I assume well they actually said that for um AOL they were
able to transform the company in like 9 months at least 90% of that. So like you know sometimes it's quicker sometimes it's slower. I I I tend to be more conservative and so I said I'm saying like maybe the first year they might be able just to get like 30% margins for these companies. In the second year it's might not be full full year like full margin but their target is something around 50% margins because that's how that's that's what they are bringing. They're bringing that operating leverage, meaning you don't need as many employees and as many things and tools. You can just like use our whole platform that will do a lot of work for you and it will just increase your margins to the way we want them and it's about 40%. And the the company right now their adjusted margins are at 40 44% at 54% sorry. So like again my assumption is they they are going to be somewhere around 50%. I think
that's what usually the the team is kind of guiding towards it's 50%. And then you know it starts it those companies it starts to make money like the higher margins the more profit and then you you take that those profits and you fund another acquisition. And so that's kind of the flywheel that they're doing and I'll talk later how this kind of learnings compound and that's how you build actually something pretty pretty amazing I think. So here um I want to tell you how we are looking at bending spoons. Me and Winson we both kind of look at this through the same lens because there is already some existing portfolio of companies and then there is the second part which is like okay if this kind of deal machine is really working what's what's the future kind of value of of that machine. So the current the current portfolio is worth something around 13 bucks or 15 30 I have here 13 bucks per
share. Okay. So that's that's how you get if you look at the existing portfolio how much money those companies are making today how much profits they are making how much cash they are making and then you can use some multiples and try to forecast all their revenues coming in over the next 10 years. Then you just discount all that money back to today's value and you get the value of $13 per share. That's the part that's already existing portfolio. So like assuming they are not going to do any more trades, any more deals, this is what they have right now. So it kind of represents the floor for the company. I don't think that the stock share the price should follow like should fall below those levels like because it just doesn't make much sense and if so it means that the whole future the whole platform value is zero which I don't think it's the case. So the second part is the platform which
is they have built their whole operating system and now they are as they are making more money they want to deploy more money and put more money into new acquisitions and kind of grow their portfolio of businesses and that's very valuable. I think I put it here. It's I'll I'll walk you through exactly how I got this number, but I think it's worth about 30 bucks per share. And then we have scale scale economies, which means the more companies you have on this operating system kind of the better the cost can split between more companies. Plus you are learning because you you'll get more data and so you you you kind of test your uh your flywheel or like your knowhow like more frequently which lets you iterate and improve your whole process all the time. So like you improve and it makes your margins even better, your success rate even higher and it kind of makes your company much more valuable
and much more competitive. It actually gives you that advantage that like any anyone else who is maybe you know trying to be like solo would struggle to compete with because they they will just not be able to build all these software and all these things inhouse. So that's the the platform value and then there is financing because they are using debt and I see a lot of people think that using debt is is dangerous and scary and it is uh I will be honest there but here they want to use it because they can deduct all these interest rates from their profits and their cash. So it's actually good if you finance the future growth with your debt because it's deductible and it kind of gives you gives you advantage. That's why people and like look at hyperscalers they have hundreds of billions of money and yet they issue that and the reason is because it just makes sense like you should use depth if
you if you if you have the option like if there is an upside if there's an opportunity you should take it and use use that. So like if you combine all these three things, we get into 48 bucks and now the rest of the presentation will be like I'll walk you through each of these and explain what's behind it. >> You know, this this might seem kind of basic, but I've never seen a model where somebody just takes all the different parts of the business and adds them numerically to create a value per share. I I don't know maybe you guys have never done that for me but it's just I find that interesting to do that to take like to construct the value per share based on different components which I think is pretty cool. I mean that's >> well it's getting actually pretty frequent like even >> usually do it for companies that have different businesses like um >> I think I did it with Galaxy because Galaxy
is you know crypto company and the AI company. So you cannot just kind of put it all together and use kind of one approach. So you need to kind of value each business separately and then just add them up and it will give you the the final the final uh result. Okay. So this is their current portfolio. It's uh right now they have about um 4 billion um in revenues or at least in 2027 because they recently acquired mirror and air table which are going to add you know couple uh I think 1.2 billion or something. So you can see the older portfolio without air table and mirror as a as a black columns here and then air table and mirror and it adds up to 4 billion per year and so that's when I'm talking about the existing portfolio that's what I'm talking about this is this is the kind of the bunch of assets that they have and like you know and here on the on the right side where I'm showing adjusted
operating margins it shows you that the older portfolio before Air Table and Mirro they already run at 40 40 54% margins but Air Table or Mirro are not there yet because as I said before it takes you know year or two before they get all the transformation going the whole companies working on their own operating system and so it takes a bit of time again I'm a bit more conservative and so I don't assume that in the first two years they will reach the 50% and so you can see that the margins will improve after that. >> Right. Of course. >> So that's their existing portfolio. Now this is businesses they own. This this is here you can see actually how much cash flow they're making each year. Again, I only assume 2% growth year-over-year organic for these companies because the team is quite honest about they are not necessarily putting any investments or money into growing this users base or like
this particular businesses themselves. They want to grow the whole platform but like they don't necessarily want to they are looking for companies that are going to make cash and like that's their main focus. So they are not prioritizing growth which is quite important because I also think that there is an opportunity that at some point maybe when they will not see enough market opportunities on the market they could actually just like slow down look at the companies they own and because they are able to operate with a huge leverage meaning they have much better margins than any other competitor it gives them advantage. So think of it as if I if if every one user is more valuable for me because I have high margins, I can spend much more money on one user than my competitors because I am making more money out of out of that user. So like it gives them a certain edge which they could eventually
use as well. But right now they are saying we are just focus focused on generating cash. We don't necessarily need all these companies to grow. And so here I just assume conservatively that it's going to keep growing at 2%. Which is pretty decent. Um and then you know if that's the assumption you can see on the right side here for for the existing businesses what's what's the value in the bare case based bull case and base case. That's the existing business. here is the advantage that they have against every other kind of um competitor on the market who might be interested in acquiring any of these businesses. So let's say I don't know Milk Road wants to acquire Mirror or you know some other company I don't know. So the real value is that um bending spoons have built that operating system which makes them work more efficiently than anyone else. So if I if I am just like you know average average
not not user let's say font who is just you know buying businesses and then trying to make some restructuring and like make teams more lean. That's pretty decent. You can still do it. There's still upside, don't get me wrong, but I think what they are trying to do is like leverage AI because that's really becoming the new player in this whole game. And so like that's their kind of advantage why they are able to, you know, outbid everyone else. And if bending spoons participate in auction to acquire some company, they usually win because they can afford to, you know, bid a higher price than anyone else, >> right? And they can and they can sorry go back to that slide. So you're saying I mean this makes a lot of sense but basically that their ROI for every dollar spent acquiring a company is is worth so much more >> than other potential companies because of because their business is so unique
at taking software companies and turning them into winners. And the timeline for that is usually about a year right or or roughly. >> Yeah. Yeah. Here you can see on this chart I think um for bending spoons because they are able to like increase those margins like 30% in in in the year one 42% in year two and then 50% in year three and I assume for 90% success. So like not all acquisitions are successful but like let's say 90% of them are because they have seen that playbook before and they use AI to improve the internal processes to take advantage of like the the data they have versus someone else might be able to like grow those margins from to 10% and 20 30 and they might even have a lower success rate because they're not maybe using AI that much and again like AI is the game changer here, right? >> Mhm. >> Here's the slide that is probably going to be um quite interesting to some people
because like everyone thinks that they'll just keep increasing the the money spent on the new acquisitions. And I think that at some point there's going to be a limit how much money how much companies you can buy. And the reason is not because the team said that there are thousands of companies that they are looking at today but over time as more people and more companies are going to use the very same strategy. I mean what bending spoons done like they were the first pioneer of this but I feel like a lot of new companies are trying to do the very same thing. it means that there's going to be more competition and the more competition is going to kind of put more pricing pressure on those new deals. And so for bending spoons, it only works if they can acquire these new businesses like at very reasonable multiples. So at some point I think they're going to be maxed out and they they might not
be able to deploy all the capital they want because they might need to pay like I think they hurdle rate is anything below 3x revenue multiple like below that it means their hurdle rate which is 25% internal um uh rate of change but for everything beyond above three mult revenue multiple it's not going to make those revenues those returns so they are just going to not do it anymore >> what what is the hurdle rate what exactly is that >> the hurdle rate is how much return you want from your investments >> okay okay good okay so it's just it's just the the ROI rate right >> yes yes um >> and so there are a certain limits for how much they can grow um how much spend uh they do on deals. And again like it's either because the team is not kind of scaling enough with with those acquisitions or maybe there is not enough debt available or again the prices of like these software companies are increasing
because there are more more buyers and they just simply cannot find the right deals at the right prices. And like you know it's actually what we are trying to do here. I love the business that they are doing. I just want to make sure that I'm getting this company at the right price or at least I want to know what the fair price for this company should be. So like it's it's kind of similar analogy here. >> That makes sense. [clears throat] Okay. Yeah. So, so and and you also mentioned earlier on this slide too that can you can you just circle back on to how competitors would impact them because it sounds like it would mainly drive up the cost like the acquisition cost because the other thing I guess we haven't considered too is that this is such a great business model that other companies could do it. >> Yeah. Yeah. I think like many other companies are going to do it. And >> so like once
you have more people like who are looking at these acquisitions like at at some point the prices of the whole of this whole market will just you know increase because there are more buyers now. And so here again I am a bit I think I am a bit conservative. So I am kind of saying I think at 2031 they will hit 10 billion and after that I think they are not just going to be able to grow like to the infinity and so I kept it at 10 billion like for the next 5 years. Again like those are my assumptions like anyone can you know if you are more bullish and you think that they are going to be able to find those those deals you know at reasonable prices even like after maybe. So again I'm I do not think that will be that easy in you know 5 years. This slide actually uh shows exactly what I was talking about. So at some point you on the left on the left chart you can see the hurl rate. So like they are
not going to buy companies above this kind of price. So if revenue multiples are above three, they're not going to do it because it just doesn't fit their strategy and it doesn't match their returns that they expect from these deals. So that's why I kept that at at um uh 10 billion per year. And on the right side, you can see the learnings. New deals get better with experience which means like I think I put like every time they double their revenues their margins will improve by one percentage point because like the more the more uh transactions you do the more businesses you kind of bring to your platform the better you get as a result as a platform as a whole right so like that's how um I think this should be somehow reflected as well so like maybe at the beginning you know they are able to operate at let's say 50% margins but as they see more data more businesses joining then their margins
are improving as more businesses are on the platform >> right so they compound they can compound their business because they can just yeah because they have so much data and customers that as they like they become more efficient and they can do more and and have their business their I guess these portfolio companies that they own they can like crossromote or find more customers for them over time because they have so much more data and they become kind of like a conglomerate almost of these types of companies. >> Yeah, I think they do not like uh the idea of cross-selling because you know it might be a different businesses but like generally like when you have the platform that like everyone is building on top of you you'll get a lot of different use cases and different ideas you can iterate much quicker than anyone else. And so like it gives you a certain advantages that you you would not
be able to get if you if you are solo. >> That makes sense. >> So on this slide here um because I did the projections for the the next 10 years but because the full transition takes you know uh two or three three years. So the the whole uh time frame here is all the way until 2039 which seems like you know insane but like you know I think for the next 10 years it makes sense and then it just like I I wanted just the model to kind of finalize like all all the businesses that were acquired in 20 36 or 37 to kind of transform and kind of reach the final kind of state. So they are fully transformed and operating on the platform and so you can see here the c cash flow how is it going to evolve over time and I think it's it's pretty decent again assuming like everything goes as as I was just you know saying about and on the right chart here you can see group adjusted margins which is the current
margins and um of the current portfolio plus the new acquired businesses is and you can see a kind of a jump down here in in 2028 and it's mainly because um they just acquired Mirror and Air Table and so they are still not operating at full full full margins at the final kind of numbers that they want them to have. Plus they are going to you know acquire like other businesses next year and so they are also going to operate at much lower margins than the target. But at some point like those new new deals will become less relevant and like the whole group operating margins will just keep growing up and also because the the compounding effects I've been talking about. So you you need economies of scale and so those will improve their margins as a as a company as well. Okay, here's the debt. I was talking just quickly about depth and like some people will see that at 20 35 I can see that they
might be about 39 billion in depth for the company. So you know it might be scary for some people but again like they are buying companies and those companies are quickly turned into pretty profitable money machines. So it's very different than if you are buying you know um I don't want to say GPUs but um when you are buying something else that like your your demand or like your returns are you know less likely or like more at risk rather than here when you are buying companies with real users and some most of them are already profitable. they just do not have as high margins that they could have and so um debt levels are going to be high but again it's not really a concern. Team said that they want to keep the the leverage about 3x and right now they're like pretty maxed out because they just did IPO and then they also acquired Mirror and they paid with um their own stocks issuance. So,
um it looks pretty bad right now, but it's not really that bad. And the debt is again just 5 billion. So, it's pretty decent. They're going to make um 1 billion plus in in cash next year. So, um it's pretty doable. But o over the long term, they're targeting 3x leverage. This is what I was talking about earlier. The team is looking like their target for each acquisition is unlevered irr which is internal rate of return and so it needs to meet that 50 uh 25% if not they are not making the deal and so if we are looking just at um return on investment it should be above 11% because again this is one of the inputs what investors demand that the company will bring each year like what's the return and I think like maybe You could argue that it should be higher or lower, but I think I feel like 11% is is pretty decent. So, what you guys see here right now, the the the price of the stock is 33 bucks,
but if you if you deduct the the the tax shield and if you deduct the existing portfolio they own, you'll get $15, which means that the whole kind of future deal machine and cash machine is worth only 15 bucks. But again, I think in my base case that should be worth like 30 bucks. So that's the upside. And here on the right side, you can actually kind of challenge that. And those are two assumptions that you need to make. One is what is the return that shareholders are going to demand for that cash? Like what are the returns that investors are going to demand? And so like again in my base case, I use 11%. So we are looking at the the black line here and here on the uh on the x-axis those are the exit multiples of cash flows. So I used 12 multiple of free cash flows saying that I think the each of these companies would be able to exit at 12x of their cash that they are making. So, but you
know maybe you are more bullish or you are more conservative. So like find your line here and you will get the price. >> Why 12? >> It's pretty decent. I think like it's it's the lower end of like um how software companies are valued. So they are usually in the range of 10 to 18 or something like that. So I I I put 12. Um, I want again I think it's it's a bit it's a it's a it's definitely on the lower end and a bit more conservative and I can imagine pretty easily that it's going to be trading much much higher and the reason is that I feel like more and more companies are now trading more on their stories or narratives like how sexy the story is like look at Tesla or Palunteer you like you would never buy those companies if you are just thinking about like 12x cash multiples like you know they are they are not even making cash so like you know it just doesn't make sense um so I think I'm
pretty conservative here and again the the bull side the bull case is that >> it will become a market darling and like you know investors will just buy no matter what because the story is super compelling And that's the bullcase. And I really like it because I am usually the guy who is saying like, "Oh, this is super expensive. I'm not touching the never." And like yes, but like you should ignore valuation like markets going to love this because of the story is so good and yeah blah blah. I I I don't buy it usually. So here in this case, I love this company because the base case is also giving me a certain upside where I I I think the downside is still limited because of the businesses they already own and the bull side the bull case the call option like that the stock will go to the moon is that the the market will really like it because the story is again pretty pretty compelling. Do you
see a world where and I guess this is more from a almost like a like a marketing standpoint or or would be good to kind of get them into the mainstream because this is a really unknown company. Is there a world where they would buy like a really big software giant that is just doing so poorly like bigger than any of the companies they've bought they've bought previously? You know what I mean to make like a really big splash and acquire like a huge bucket of users? >> Yeah. I think um >> I don't know who I don't know who I'm talking about. Like I don't know. I don't think they I don't think they'd buy Salesforce. You know what I mean? That's if Salesforce is always our most like basic example. But I just mean like some of the companies you mentioned like these are those are decent sized companies, right? But they're not they're not that upper tier of SAS companies, but that I wonder if these
guys could do that in the future and that would really kind of put them on the map and kind of start that, you know, kind of premium price pump like you're saying that becomes like a market darling. >> Probably not Salesforce because it's >> it's not this is a bad example. >> It's a giant. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I can imagine that they would buy someone like relatively big market cap because again like you know bending spoon is 23 billion market cap or something like that. So I can imagine that they would buy at some point someone worth you know um not not hundreds but probably tens of millions and it's certainly doable and I think that's actually where they are looking at like when they are heading because in in some podcast I believe that the the CEO said something like now they are trying to look for kind of bigger bigger fishes and and so it feels like they that's what they want to And it
makes sense because they said the the transformation time doesn't scale with revenue. So it doesn't matter if you buy company that makes 100 billions in revenue or if we buy a company that makes you know 1 billion revenue. It it it doesn't change like the the timeline for the transformation. So that's that's actually pretty pretty attractive because it just makes sense for them to buy someone you know who is making much more money. Uh because then the the operating leverage is is gonna uh just play in our >> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. That makes sense. Yeah. Cool. Okay. So, Martin, is this something that is in your in your pro portfolio? >> Uh not yet. It's on my watch list. Listen, the market right now is really hard to read and um I actually sold some of my positions uh I think last week and also a couple weeks ago. So, I'm right now more in defensive mode where I'm just worried about what's
going to happen next because yes, some AI stocks might do well, but the rest of the markets, if you look at the other sectors, like pretty much all of them are going down. And so, it's only a few stocks that are kind of driving the whole S&P or NASDAQ index up. And it's and then you have yields at, you know, 5.2 or 5.3 record levels in 20 years. you have oil like there are so many things going on so I don't necessarily want to kind of deploy any any capital at this moment because I feel very uncertain about where markets are heading next. >> Mhm. Yeah, that's very cautious and I think that that's something that you've been you've very much been leading I would say at Milk Road in terms of in terms of exercising that caution ahead of what could be a bit of a turbulent time especially going up to midterms and everything that's going on. But good to know that it is on your watch list and and
for people that want to know when Martin will deploy into this if he does. Um I mean you've made a very compelling bull case and this company clearly has like a really bright future and a huge head start and a really good moat on on any competitors. So uh anybody wants to follow that it's on Milk Road Pro and check it out at the link below. Uh anything else Martin before we wrap up that we should know about this company? >> No I I I would say stay tuned because me and Winston we love this company. We keep learning more about them like every day. Um, from time to time we share some updates on our Milk Road platform as well. And so, um, yeah. Um, just stay tuned. >> Excellent. Well, thank you, Martin. Great show, man. >> Thank you. It was fun. >> Thanks for listening to Milk Road. If you enjoyed the show, make sure you like and subscribe. [music] And if you're struggling to find winners in
the market, that's exactly what Milkroad Pro is built for. Our analysts [music] have called some of the biggest winners early and Pro lets you see what they're buying next, every trade they make, and the research behind [music] every position. Check out Milk Road Pro at the link below. Everything you hear on Milkroad is forformational purposes only. [music] These are our personal opinions, not financial advice, and we may own some of the investments we talk about. Always do your own research and make the decisions that are right for you. See you next time.