Bitcoin hit its first real resistance at around 88,000 American dollars after pumping 45% this quarter. Quite the move. Many calling for 90 and above right now. We're going to talk about that and everything else that's driving markets and the news today. Of course, we have Andrew and Tilman, but because you guys don't really like them that much, we also brought someone you do like, which is Gary Cardone. You guys don't like me either. It's fine. Let's go. That's dope. >> Let's go. >> Good morning everybody. Happy Tuesday. It is dawn here in New York City as you can see. Um, oh, look at that view. Look at that wolf. I made that on chat GPT this morning. Not going to lie. I vibecoded a new studio background. Do the other one. Do the other one. Yeah. Look at that in the window. All right, I'm going to go ahead and bring on Andrew, Gary, and Tilman. Uh, dude, the AI is amazing. Seriously, I did
that this morning. I'm not saying it's that great, but I have Grockbot now, too. And I was like, whip up a dollar cost averaging calculator for Bitcoin to show the history of dollar cost averaging at any point. And I forgot I did it. And then it sent me a video of it like clicking through and showing me all the things that it does. >> Yeah, it's uh it >> it's going to meaningfully change how we do things and what we do and when we do it and where we do it a year from now. There's going to be a lot a lot of changes especially in finance. Lot of changing in finance coming to the guys that uh put on a suit and tie every day and uh and and act. >> This show is going to be for Grockbots. >> Yeah. Right. Right. >> Gary, what's up, man? >> What's up, buddy? >> How you doing? How are you? >> I'm awesome, man. I am awesome. >> Very smiley today. You seem happy. I think you just froze on us again,
though. >> Sweet. Frozen. Gary is a It's a killer way to start the show. You know what I mean? >> Frozen with a smile. Okay, so let's uh we're going to just dive into some news while Gary unfreezes himself. >> Uh he's in the matrix stuck. Stop. Spot. Bitcoin ETFs attracted nearly nine billion on Monday. Ninth largest inflow ever to be honest. That was >> nine. But what? >> Yeah, that that that's not a surprise. Um we'll probably see a big number as well uh come through today. Um you know, I think we're going to see big numbers happen uh for the next couple weeks. The interesting thing about that nearly 1 billion is, you know, not half of or more of it came from IBID. only 380 million came from IBIT. It was it was spread across, you know, the top five. Also extremely interesting, Morgan Stanley did 61.7 million. That's the biggest inflow they've ever had since inception by double, right? Their
biggest number on any given day was 30 million. 61.7. Um, that's a that's a that's a big number. Now, that's all demand from Friday. So, that's Friday demand. showing up on the books for Monday. So, we'll see what happens uh today based on >> usually the big IBIT numbers we can point to and say that's >> option stuff, you know, people >> option stuff and like it's all on IBIT because people are shorting, you know, the futures and whatever, but if it's spread out that real this might be the first time we go, wow, people really bought a lot of this stuff. >> Yeah. Yeah. Fidelity had big inflows. ARC actually had big inflows. Bitwise, big inflows. And again, Morgan Stanley had the biggest inflow day that they've ever had since since they launched their spot Bitcoin ETF. So that's retail demand, right? Like that's what jumped out to me is that Morgan Stanley number is absolutely retail demand.
That's wealth management retail demand jumping into an asset. So important to note and and probably is a harbinger of what the next, let's call it 30 to 90 days look like. Hey Andrew, do you think that's um public that is asking the investment bankers for Bitcoin or do you think the investment bankers are saying, "Hey, you need an allocation?" >> Yeah, it's probably Yeah, it's it's probably 6040 they're asking for it and 40 that they're talking about it. So, great question. I know a lot of Morgan Stanley advisers. I've got a close friend who's one in Columbus, Ohio. And what I know about him and his team, I highly doubt they're going out and saying, "Hey everybody, you need to add Bitcoin to your portfolio." I I I I doubt that he's doing that. But I I would bet that he's getting it from uh his clients. It's saying, "Yep, yeah, let's let's do that. Let's add a a small allocation." >> There's
no greater marketing for Bitcoin ETFs than Bitcoin price simply going up and being back news for being above 80,000. Right. That said, I would say that Morgan Stanley probably might be skewed slightly more towards adviserss because they've recently put their sales team on it since they launched. >> Right. So, I I I think you're right. I think 90% of them aren't. But I bet there are some Morgan Stanley advisers now who have gotten the uh message to go out and sell the thing, which is why Morgan Stanley created an ETF when they're not really sure in the first place. I've spoken to Amy Oldenberg this summer who's the head of you know crypto or whatever at Morgan Stanley and she said that was actively going to start happening but I mean 40 to 80 is huge like you said or 30 to 60 whatever it was them doubling but still you know that's a >> 6% of the daily inflows on the Bitcoin >> yeah no no doubt
but but again at Morgan Stanley that that is as pure retail demand as we're going to see like like that is and again I I mentioned it before. The Morgan Stanley spot Bitcoin ETF has seen zero dollars of outflows. Not a none. Zero. Right. So that crowd jumping into that asset that is a that is a stick to it. I've made a decision to be at one or two or 3% allocation in my portfolio and I'm not coming off of it. um and you know back at it after the after the summer and you know making allocations. We're September 22nd people have probably had their Q3 or going into Q4 portfolio review and so you're seeing some of this movement, right? Yeah. >> Yeah. I mean so just to add to this and Gary, I just want your kind of general thoughts on the move after this, but the average Bitcoin ETF holder is back above water for the first time since January. The rally this morning has Bitcoin above our estimated
ETF cost basis of 81,722 per coin obviously much higher now. I mean you see these kind of things all the time with Bitcoin pumps, right? ETF holders are back in profit. Sailor way back in profit all you know the he had to go to zero. Now he's a genius again because he's billions of dollars in profit by we know how it all literally just like rotates with the price. But but Gary, you know, like you and I would talk kind of a lot about Bitcoin price action, sentiment, all these things. Uh I haven't even talked to you since I think the move up. Were you surprised by the move up? You know, uh did you anticipate lower still? Do you still anticipate lower? Do you think there's a real move? I mean, how are you just framing this right now? >> Well, look, you know, when Sailor stopped selling, I mean, we have a price here that like sailors not selling, not buying. Uh when he started selling, I thought,
okay, we might be reaching the end. the Satsuma implosion the other day. >> Like I said months ago, hey, all of these strategy companies have to sell their Bitcoin before we can go anywhere. Like 180 companies, I think four of them maybe keep their position. But you got 600,000 Bitcoin that need to come back. 600 Bitcoin from Satsuma came back in. That's good. We have a lot of pressure on this market and it's holding here. Now, I was bearish all summer because quite frankly, I wanted to buy more Bitcoin at 57,000 or below. And if the market's gonna allow me to talk it down, while while Sailor could couldn't say anything, and you know, the BMNR guys on his back feet, I mean, everybody's struggling. I'm like, hey, if this market's going to allow X Twitter spaces to for me to just pound on it, the worst case is my twin brother buys a lot of Bitcoin he couldn't have bought otherwise. too will
figure out how thick this market really is. Like is this really a market? Is it an X market or is it a real market? And I want a real market. I am so tired of the X spaces Twitter point to Bitcoin holders thinking that they control anything here. >> And so to me, this is why I came into this market. I've had to wait eight or nine years, but Wall Street's taking over and it's awesome. >> Yeah. Absolutely awesome. I have been made fun of on my strateg STRC package. I'd love to take somebody through this. I could have bought $98,000 Bitcoin six, eight, nine months ago. And uh instead, I bought STRC and I've been paid $63,000 a month. >> Yeah. >> 63. I I've acquired 12 Bitcoin >> and I'm still going to be able to move from STRC at 99.5. That's what I paid for it. As soon as it hits 99.5 or 100, I'm gonna move into cash. I've collected all that money. And if I have to buy $80,000 Bitcoin, this
has been an awesome trade for me. >> Yeah, >> I've made $750,000 on STRC while I didn't know what the market was doing. I was confused. >> And by the way, that was without you buying it below par. >> Uh yeah. And I bought it and holding it. like you didn't you didn't buy it at 75 or 80 or 85 where there could >> I bought it near par and I was never worried about that people are like hey he's getting liquidated I'm like nobody called me from the bank nobody cared like dude the guy's getting 11 and a half% with a really cool tax allocation. So for me, having all these tools and being a Bitcoiner and being able to arbitrage between Wall Street and digital assets, dude, it is the ultimate option tool and and and why Bitcoiners wouldn't want Wall Street and although to be able to reach in there and go, "Hey, I'm going to go grab this." Now, I could have just sat in cash. That would have been horrible.
I could have sat in Bitcoin at 95 grand and gone all the way to 65. Right. I have some of that, by the way. I have some of that, right? Yeah. >> So to me, Bitcoin's actually maturing. >> Yeah. >> And that to me is what has to happen. We have to mature. And you know, I heard somebody say the other day, hey, 7% of the the world is allocated to Bitcoin. There isn't a chance in hell it's 7%. It's more like seven. >> Yeah, that's the truth. Okay. >> Of the world is allocated to any assets. >> Right. Right. Right. like assets period. I think there's more than 93% of the world that's uh >> living paycheck to paycheck. >> Now, I do think we have a lot of wood to chop and that that's what I would like to talk about. Hey, this thing is not going to go straight up. Okay? Anyone sitting here listening to crypto bros going, "It's going to 147 tomorrow morning." Dude, relax. Okay? Talk to experts and buy
Bitcoin at the right price. Don't chase Bitcoin. I love the idea that it's that it's raising the floor of the ranges. You know what I mean? Like that's kind of how I view it. And the last one didn't it only lasted four weeks or whatever that kind of 70s to 80s or, you know, mid70s to low 80s. Now maybe we'll range from mid70s to mid, you know, to 90. I don't know. I I don't see what's going to make it skyrocket to your point. Uh and that's why I use arch public whatever. But I can tell you as everybody knows here just as evidence because Gary you said what you were doing. I'll tell you what I was doing. I did buy SDRC at 100 93 85 74 not your same size and now have ridden it because I understand I'm getting paid a dividend on 100 regardless of when I buy it. So I you know and listen I was literally being accused of being a sailor paid shill. I don't know if people remember this at the bottom.
I was defending strategy on math and data not on like personality. just saying like you can't use words like we'll be liquidated or bankrupt or insolvent when you have 850,000 Bitcoin and yeah here we are >> that was ridiculous. Okay, people saying that I'm like I don't even think you believe in Bitcoin. If you think Sailor can go down with 800,000 Bitcoin, you are not you understand a very different Bitcoin than I do. >> Yeah, but I just so I bought a bunch of STRC but with the bulk of my portfolio I was just using Arch Public and buying Bitcoin and I don't know we haven't updated in a long time. I bought Ethan Salana at much smaller amounts as well. I am as of this week I am way in profit >> and not only that it sold a bunch then bought I got panicked you know I was like why am I selling Bitcoin I want to hold forever because it sold it at like you know 80 and then it bought again at just
yesterday at like 88 and I'm sure now if it dips to 85 it's going to buy more but my cost basis actually went down when it started selling about four three or 4 thousand more dollars in that process cuz my cost basis was maybe like 83 84 and now it's 79 or 80. >> Yeah. >> Well, I let me let me jump into >> want to get into arch public, but that was my strategy. My strategy through this whole dip was just this was it. I started at the dead top and here we are still 30% off the highs and I'm in profit on all of it. >> Well, and you wanted to spend all of it at 126, which would have you know h emotion is the enemy of trading and retail is riddled with emotion. Like one of the things I'll point out about Gary's journey that I've appreciated is that, you know, he's been managing dry powder as much as anything. Like I I've seen all of his posts go back go back to when you were selling silver and
you were posting about getting rid of, you know, depreciatory assets, your vehicles, your like all of the the game is about the opportunity cost that you can either be patient to take advantage of or that you're not and you miss the boat on. And Bitcoin rewards patient people with dry powder that have conviction. That's just the bottom line. And that's the opposite of what most people who have been in the space live according to. And Wall Street is the exact opposite. That's all they live according to. It's about wealth preservation. It's about having the dry powder when they need it to make the appropriate move into the asset class. And that's not typically at the dead bottom. It's typically the middle of the trade that they really want to take because that's the most risk-free trade that you can make with the highest upside. And you're just seeing like an evolution of the markets. To Gary's
point, Bitcoin is maturing. What did this summer represent to me? It represented a changing of the guard. We had the cold card hack that literally disrupted the very core uh pun intended of the Bitcoin community. Um and and I I think that you know you then you extrapolate all of the other headlines that have happened this summer. They all have one common theme attached to them. It's like the people who got us here are not the people to take the lead going forward. And the people who have really focused on integrating this systematically into our financial system. Those are the people that are driving the narrative going forward. And those are the people that understand what yield potential is and what volatility potential is. and they're not so attracted to the long-term bet of the appreciation. What they're attracted to is what Gary got after earlier, which is like depth of liquidity in
the market and how much volatility opportunity presents itself. If you can capture a very volatile market with a lot of depth of liquidity and global structure behind it, there is more yield potential than than there is upside potential. Uh and you don't have to be, you know, a wizard to look through your crystal ball to find it. you're literally just playing the ups and downs systematically against the rest of the people who are driven by emotion. And I think that's what we've seen over the last 90 days as much as anything is like the real buyers are stepping in and they're not chasing big green candles. They're actually waiting for the red candles. They're waiting for the retest and then they're like, "Okay, this is a prudent time to allocate capital." And those are not soft, weak hands. Those are like the most diamond hands that exist. They don't ever have to sell. >> Yeah. A couple things
to to add to that. Um, first of all, as per Gary's comments about, you know, exsanity associated with Sailor, I think they've called 25 of the last zero Sailor liquidations uh over the past six years. I remember the the liquidation, you know, conversation, you know, having to do with Sailor at 13K. I remember before at 8K. >> Yeah. assuming he was going to get liquidated and it went to 15 and he sold a few and bought back the next week at 17 and by the way dead ass bottom of the market. >> Yeah. Yeah. And and so you know again conversations on X um can be interesting and fill a little bit of time but they they have meaningfully adjusted again Wall Street absolutely has taken over. Um the other thing too based on the fact that that Bitcoin is a meaningful asset across uh the financial system now Bitcoin will outperform broader markets but it's not going to outperform four to 5x to one. It's
not going to do that over the next 3 to 5 years. It will outperform 1.75 to one or 1.95 to one. And that's really really meaningful, right? But you if you're expecting a 4 one 3 one, you know, 200% year over the next 3 years, you need to you need to make a mental adjustment. You know, Black Rockck's product coupled with their options, I'm telling you right now, will not allow a 250% year in Bitcoin over the next three years. Well, even just the reality, just the truth. You may not like it, but that is the truth. I'm just letting >> Andrew, to your point, and to Gary's point earlier, not only will they not allow that, but they're not going to allow a continuation move to to keep going after we've been up 40 something% in the last 2 weeks or whatever it is. I mean, you're talking about that is the play. If you missed this last move, it's not time to jump in the boat right now. You just you
just literally saw a move off of the VWAP that is three standard deviations above any move that we've had. We've seen like a massive amount of volatility. So, here's what people typically get trapped into thinking. They go, "Oh, we're at 85 and the high is 126. That means I'm almost guaranteed to go to 126." And they load the boat right now. What I would argue is that when you have a 40 plus% move, you're much we are 90% more likely to go back down to 75 than we are to go back up to 95. Like say take the same 10,000 range above the current price below and above. What is the probability that it goes down 10% versus goes up 10% from right here? And it's not an emotional feelingbased question. It's like what's the probability of a continuation event going from 40% plus in a twoe period to a 50%. How big of an anomaly move would that be? Not saying it couldn't happen, but people don't adjust
their risk based upon the existing percentage that we've moved. And that's just a major fallacy in their investment thesis in my opinion. like that you you're supposed to be placing capital based upon the riskreward ratio that presents itself at the time of purchase. The riskreward ratios materially changed over the last 3 days than it was 3 days ago. So if you are taking the same purchasing power into today's market as you were 3 days ago, I would call you an unsophisticated investor. That's not what Wall Street does is the point. Uh and that's not what all the big heavyweights are doing now. there there's a riskadjusted curve that they always want to go back to period. >> Yeah. I mean there's a lot of reasons to believe that this move is slightly overheated, right? You know 82 we were going straight to 90 and we went back to 75, right? And you know that that was a reasonable opportunity.
I mean you got fear and greed here is what uh >> this can stay here for a very long time but yeah we've hit extreme greed for the first time here. You know people are excited again. the Morgan Stanley advisers calling. Uh, usually I'm I haven't looked at open interest, but I'm going to assume that it's piling up big time. That said, I will once again say and and you know, Gary, I didn't really get to your opinion, I guess, on the market moving forward, but there has been a very clear sort of regime change here. You know, like the the the things that you're looking for to confirm are there. So there's there's kind of like there's the DCA people like us and especially ones using tools, but if you're trading, there's like two kinds of people who have been playing this market in my mind. Those the bottom feeders who were trying to buy at 60, maybe thought it was going lower, but you were like
pretty excited. You're like, I'm trying to buy a bottom and the confirmation people, you know, who are waiting for a higher high or the 50 MA on the weekly or whatever. Well, now we're above everything, right? Here you go. Bitcoin has reclaimed every one of its long-term moving averages. We all know that. If you take a look at the chart, you can see, you know, that was the higher high right there at 828. So maybe the proper way to frame this in my mind is in a bare market, you were looking to sell RIPS. Now you should be looking to buy dips. >> Mhm. >> Is that an accurate >> to your point on I I saw a post you made about DCA and somebody said, "Hey, I'm going to start DCA now." And you're like, "Dude, you're missing the whole point of DCA. You need a DCA when people are vomiting." >> What was that? And no hate. I think it was Leia Halpern's brother. you know, she's taking kind of a beating.
And he was like, "Oh, almost time to start dollar cost averaging." And no, hey, I'm just saying, but like now we're dollar cost average at 90 instead of 60 because we think we know something about the market. Doesn't make much sense to me. >> Yeah, it is. It is a uh you know, everybody has an opinion on X. And again, I I I think it's the most preient point that that Gary can make is is it it we're there. you know, Scott, you you're there. It's a it's a place and a and a you know, sort of a holding court of ideas, but the truth of the matter is is no different than what Micron does, what Nvidia does, what Tesla does. That's not all happening on X. It's it's you're not getting meaningful outcomes based on conversations on X spaces associated with Microsoft stock. That that that's not that's not what's going on. and and we've moved into that space with uh you know with with with Bitcoin. The
other thing too again Sailor is this gargantuan figure in in Bitcoin and the community and and for all the right reasons he's done incredible stuff with digital credit. Again, to Gary's point, made a lot of money with that that dig some of his digital credit products. But outside of the Bitcoin community, you know, I don't know how many uh money, you know, 2020 uh talks that uh Sailor's doing. I I I I don't know how many of those tradi um conferences he's the headline speaker at. >> It was last year. >> I don't know. you know it was last year but but not this year right so >> 2020 >> yes so it's it's there there are big differences um but over time um again Bitcoin is um you know will be an asset that more and more people own in the trady world it's just not where we'd hoped it would be as of right now it will be but again it just takes time it >> I think that's all based upon the the the
lend the lending part of Bitcoin. The narrative behind real estate. You can say all you want about real estate and how it's made so many millions of, you know, million millionaires in America. It's the backbone. It is. But when you really peel back the onion, the reason why it is is cuz it's one of the most liquid assets that you can have upside potential against. You can go to any bank and pull a heliloc literally the day after you close on a property and they'll give you money against the positive equity. We've systematically made liquidity available attached to real estate. When that can be said for Bitcoin, I think you're going to see more people come in because you're going to be you're going to see lower rate offerings. You're going to see rates that are more attractive than any other rate that you can get when the collateral is Bitcoin. Period. The end. Why? Well, because it's easier
to repossess. If you just stop there, it'll be a cheaper rate. There's a lot of other reasons, too. But just there, it's going to be cheaper rate. Well, what does that do? It ju just attracts people to use it as collateral. And I think that's really where the the breaking point happens for like retail in America is when you can go down to a bank and you can go, I own a Bitcoin. And they go, great, we'll give you a preferred rate against a loan attached to it. Send it to this wallet and you'll get the money tomorrow. when we get there, it will be a household name like we've never dreamed it would be. >> I I I wholeheartedly agree with that. Okay. One day, the collateral value of Bitcoin will be absolutely the creme de la creme collateral. >> Now, if you don't really understand that, uh, then maybe you've been spending too much time with some punks in in spaces. Literally, I mean, I have people
go, they have 100 Bitcoin, they're not doing something with it. I'm like, I don't understand that. Okay, I'm either going to borrow against it or I'm going to lean against it. One or the other. Now, the question is, can I withstand? This is why the STRC product was really cool. I'm borrowing from Coinbase at 7 and a half%. I'm borrowing from my bank at 5 and a half and I'm getting paid 11 and a half. >> Mhm. >> Hell yeah. Well, and I've removed the volatility from the underlying commodity. And by the way, I now have a lot of Bitcoin. I It allows me to be more, shall we say, I'm not chasing the redhead anymore. Like before when I came in, I'm like, dude, I got to get 100 Bitcoin. I got to get 200 Bitcoin, you know, and it doesn't matter. Price doesn't matter. that. That is ridiculous. Price absolutely matters, man. Your entry price. If I'm buying apartments with my brother, I care about what
their entry price is. The exit will be easy if my entry price was correct. >> Yep. >> Well, that's where in any asset that's where your money's made is the entry price, right? What you're doing is so important, man. Because like it's hard to pick these prices. >> Well, I think it's start >> Well, you should start with the notion that you can't. I think that's what people get a they start to fool themselves. Even what you mentioned earlier about like now's the time to start dcaing. That tells me you don't even understand what DCAing is because DCAing is predicated on one central thesis. I can't time the market. Period. And if you can't time the market, then you don't try to time it with your DCA strategy. Like it doesn't make any sense. And I think systematically though it gets very boring. And people have to be honest with themselves. are not chasing profits. They're chasing ego and they
want to be right and they want to make the post. No different than we've seen what was the guy that made $100 million this year and >> that was last year. I think it was James Win or whatever. >> James Win. Everybody wants to be James Win. No one wants to be Warren Buffett. And and and that's just the nature of like fame and everybody looking at you going, "Look, he's a genius." I think we all want that more than we actually want to be wealthy. Uh because that's what I see most of the actions being geared towards. >> Yeah. Listen, everybody wants to be Scott Melker. >> Warren Buffet never called me a James Win did. >> Wear it as a badge of honor. Wear it as a badge of honor. Well, by the way, interestingly enough, um, you know, I think Warren just announced that he's stepping down as the chairman, so he's completely out. >> Truth of the matter is, I don't know, Warren Buffett, I think, uh,
Birkshshire was up something like 6.6 million% during his tenure. Now, to be fair, that was over, you know, 50, 60 years, whatever it is, but that's a number. 6.6 million% is say is saying something. You know, there's there there's value associated with it. Um, and listen, Warren Buffett was the king of entries, right? He was absolutely the king of entries. Um, >> I think Warren I think he was a vulture dude. Like a total vulture investor. He's not like they say value. No, dude. This guy's a vulture investor. He wants to buy the bottom. He's going to squeeze Goldman Sachs winning if he can. Otherwise, he'll just sit around wait for it. >> Yeah. >> How much How much uh powder do they have on their balance sheet right now? >> He started he started spending a little. Not him. the new uh Bshire Hathway Cash. Once again, >> it's it's trillions. I know. I know it's trillions. Um it's it's a it's
a big number 360. Bergkshire Hathway Cash fell from 397 billion to 360. >> Okay. Billions in a single quarter, but they they had I don't remember what they did. They bought Apple. They bought something. Uh >> that's cash though, Andrew. So, they have trillion dollar worth of buying power. >> Yeah, that's true. That's true. Man, >> to use it, right? 366 billion. How much buying power do you have? I think banks might listen. >> Even the buying power, think about it though, that you're measuring the buyer power buying power up against $2 trillion as if they're buying assets that don't need the liquidity. To Gary's point, they're vultures. They're waiting for the the company who is desperate. I mean, look at the last look at the $30 billion hedge fund blow up and what happened there. Citadel swept in. They made they bought the book on pennies on the dollar and then it immediately rebounded and
recovered. He who has the gold makes the rules. And if you get to a position where everyone knows you're strapped for cash, you're you're buying power is really irrelevant at that point. You're you're sub you're a slave to the market and whoever will give you the money is going to get a pound of flesh out of you because they know they can. And you know, it happens in the in the oil and gas space all the time. I grew up in Houston and literally there are guys in town where you can point at him and go, he goes bust at $10 a barrel, period. Like, you know what his production costs are, you know, and and and people try to drive it down there to get him to puke up their positions and they buy them on the cheap. That's the game. that that that Citadel story that situ situational awareness guy is back in the market now. It's it's kind of that news has been out there. I guarantee you >> you know
that Citadel liquidated that entire position within like two weeks basically. I >> I guarantee you Citadel is somehow involved in making sure he's got a little bit extra cra extra cash to get back in the market. I guarantee you, right? Because they're like, "Yeah, go go go do it again." and they're like, "Well, you know, if if he does well, we've got a little percentage of this and we'll do well, but if he does the same thing, we get to do the same thing again." Like, I g I guarantee you that that that that's part of that trade. Um, >> yeah, man. Finance is uh it's it's endlessly interesting. Like, we can talk about Bitcoin all we want. Um, but markets are, man, the level of resilience associated with the US markets is is just unbelievable. just absolutely unbelievable like you know you know Patrick bet David you know 11 days ago oh it's going to be a bloody Monday I can't believe what's
going to happen and were meaningfully higher from when he sent out that tweet like it's just you know yesterday I think the markets added something like $1.5 trillion which is you know nearly the market cap of Bitcoin in one day just just one a one day move and it's not like it was all over over the news, all over the papers, all over, holy cow, this is amazing, the biggest thing ever. No, it was just a day in the markets. It it's it really is extraordinary. >> But that's why I think perspective and history is so important for us to learn. Like I grew up in a gold bug family. My dad was a gold bug in since the 80s like 20% interest rate in the 80s. Like I heard the whole narrative of Bitcoin before Bitcoin was even invented. the same arguments that all the Bitcoiners made about fiat currency collapsing and that whole crap. They act like they invented that narrative and they literally just
repeated something from 40 years ago that has been the the fear sells. To Gary's point earlier is like buy the dips. Um, you know, fear are the very dips that you're buying and they're most of the time sha overshadowing the the underlying truth that we have to print more money to keep to stay in power. Period. You have to service future debt with cheaper dollars. That is the way our economy works. And so you look at how much money we're going to be printing over the next decade. I think that's why you're seeing, you know, kind of a new price discovery happening across commodities, across Bitcoin. And yet we talk about all these surface things as if the rising tide doesn't float all ships. And the rising tide is a 10-ft title wave coming in of trillions of dollars of printed money that no one in the world can convince me is not going to be taken until we don't have more guns than everybody
else. Um, and you know, our our US currency, no matter how weak you think it is, show me a better alternative. Show me where the world wants to put money in the form of paper that's more attractive than the US government's form of it right now. I don't think there is one. I don't think that's going to be disrupted for a long time because we have more consumer >> Mhm. >> We we have the best consumer demand of any country that exists. We have the largest economy of any country that ever that exists. We're on the precipice of the biggest AI boom that like we're going to take the lead on all that. Why? Well, because we're the innovators. Like it doesn't matter and we're the guys that know what to do with the chips. So, all this is just telling me, you know, it's just noise. It's like everything's going to be more expensive when we in 20 years than it is now. Period. Everything. And Bitcoin, I
think, will catch more of that fever than most other assets because it doesn't have any cost to carry and you can there's no in there's no scalable problems that come with ownership. Whereas there's a ton of scalable problems that come with everything else. Everything except for treasury bills. That's literally it. Um >> Tilman, I agree with everything you said except one thing and it's a big one which is everything will be more expensive in 20 years. I think that's really wrong. I think everything in the next 5 to 10 years is going to be extremely cheap. Like, and here are examples. I can get an M MBA from MIT today for nothing. That is deflation by every absolutely every definition. I have access to people like yourselves before. I never had access to you. I don't have to go and stand in a convention for, you know, 30 days to get to the CEO of a company. I It's like access is so much easier
today than it's ever been. If you have a good story, a good pitch, and you're articulate, it's impossible not to get to whoever you want today. Nearly impossible. >> I would agree that there are going to be a lot of things that go down in price. You're right. Services, any technology, any codebased product, anything like that. I agree. But if you talk about scarce hard assets, I I don't think that's I I don't think >> there isn't anything that's scarce. This >> Bitco Bitcoin would be one example. Gold, silver, houses, land, um all of that. >> Gold and silver at $4,500 gold, man. They're making 60% margins. >> Yeah. An oil producer selling crude oil at $150 is making a 300% return on a science. Now, this is no longer art, dude. This is a big G700 flying over Texas going, "Take some pictures. Hey, we have 8,000 barrels of oil down there. Go drill it." This is no longer a guess, man. And prices,
>> it's not. But it still requires so so much human labor attached. Prices go up though, the capital pours into those resources in volume, 300% return in oil and gas. Everybody in their mother's going to drill an oil well, right? I mean, only the big guys are going to be able to do it. To your point about Americanism, how you could short America at this venture right here would be to me it's insane because if you short America, that means the whole world's in a show. And we're the only country to date who hasn't invested in its carpets. Everyone we compete with, the sovereign entity invests in their carpets. And we've never done it. And I think that's what Trump's going to put on absolute jet fuel. And he's going to force the 401ks, the money market accounts. It's it's all going to go into new investments. And I to short this market to me would be crazy to short America. That's what I'm >>
That's really interesting because I've seen all the headlines about Trump wanting to do things like that about reinvesting in our businesses and, you know, nationalizing to some degree. >> Well, he did it with Intel. He did it with Intel. He did it. Yeah. He he, you know, he never thought about the fact that other countries have been doing that for a long time. Like we've Why, you know, that >> China like crazy. >> We cannot compete. All these Americans that go, "Hey, we should not be buying companies." You can't compete on a global scale if you don't have Chinese like Chinese companies have Chinese sovereigns supporting them. So I could easily see us taking 10% stakes in every one of these companies or forcing the Bank of America say hey get that get the money out of money market accounts and stick it into our corporates. We want the stock market to fly >> and everyone's going to win, dude.
If you start getting >> It would make it a lot more palatable if they started buying Bitcoin in the treasury in the strategic reserve if we had a bunch of ownership of other things and it was just a diversification play versus like a you know I think that I think you're spot on there. I hadn't really thought about that. That's that's a that's a that's a foreseeable future. I think >> you talk all about that. It's so nonsensical to think about putting the AI genie back in the bottle. Yeah. No, there's no version of that. >> You know, we need to slow down. >> That's like having sex and then putting a condom on later. >> Yeah. >> I mean, seriously, right? >> Feels better and you got to protect it. >> That should be the quote for the month. >> See, this is this is this is what this is what you're going to get in Tampa if Gary makes a trip to to our event. This is the kind of dialogue you're going
to get with Arch Republic in in Tampa at our >> event. Send it to your wife. She'll appreciate the hum cold storage, hot storage thing, you know. >> Yeah. There it is. There it is. >> When it get to be 9:42 already. Hey Gary, you want to see a video? >> Sure. I'm going to show you the video of the thing they're talking about cuz you got to come here. I'm going to show you guys a video cuz Arch Public's coming to Tampa. Did you know this, Gary? >> I didn't know it. When When y'all coming? >> October 15th, baby. >> You want to throw a party? >> Yeah. Look, >> we are throwing a party. We are throwing a party. We're bringing 250 of our material. >> Okay, I have enough sweet. >> Yeah. excited. >> It's like a gajillionaire playground. >> That was my voice in the thing. That was weird. >> Who said that? >> Yep, that's it. >> Yeah. Jerry, have you been to the Motor Enclave yet? >> No, I haven't.
>> Dude, that's sick. Can't wait. >> Couple of our customers. Yeah, we're gonna we're gonna host a full day there from 8:30 to 8:30. Uh Gary, by the way, I did DM you about our Tampa event like two months ago saying, "Hey, we're coming to Tampa. Do you want to be involved?" No response. No, nothing. Nothing from you. Got nothing. >> Why don't you pick up the telephone, Steve? >> Well, you're right. >> Yeah, you're right. >> If you want to have a date with me, call me on the telephone. Too many actors online, dude. I don't answer anything anymore. the DM. the email. >> So, uh, >> I sent you a link to click on in your DMs. You didn't click the link, Gary. >> Don't check my DMs. I mean, >> so, uh, no, we know how to get a hold of me. >> Yeah, knows. >> Yeah, we absolutely want you there. We We want you to be on stage with Scott. He's going to host three hours of panels in the middle of the day
to start the day. All of our clients and you and anybody else that comes is going to we're going to race cars around the track uh and do some cool stuff there. Uh the 1916 company uh which is the world's largest watch retailer uh is going to have $50 million of watches there. Rolls-Royce is also going to be there with a bunch of cars, you know, to the right and left of the stage and at other spots. So, it's going to be a really, really, really cool, unique event. Um, we want you there. Uh, bring your >> I can't believe you guys did invited me two months ago cuz I would have said, "Hey, let's do a party at the house after or something." So, like, >> we got a month. We've got a month to still pull that off. Gary, >> count me in, dude. Let's have a Halloween party. I don't know. Do something insane. >> But count me in. And And I am a customer, y'all. So, so I most certainly get to go. >> I probably
need to react. >> I love them. Yeah, >> it it uh so um >> did we lose Melker? >> Yeah, Melker just lost power >> and I lost audio for Andrew >> Studio. Um so it's just you and I talking the show's going to get better. Watch this. >> That's right. >> They're changing the up. They're bringing in the the southern boys and the crazy people. >> Oh yeah. >> Million dollars worth of watches and and fancy cars. >> Yeah. No, exactly. Exactly. >> It's going to be a lot of fun. We'll we'll, you know, not only you and Scott on stage, but I'm sure he'll bring some other folks. Uh, it's >> who is the show best designed for? Like, who's the right customer? It >> it's it's folks that, you know, um, have meaningful capital. So, it's all of our concierge clients, Gary. So, our top 1,000 clients out of our 30,000 users, they're the ones that are invited to this. So, we're going to have 250 to 300 people there.
Um, so it's folks that have a real interest in a couple of things, you know, accumulating Bitcoin, using Bitcoin products, but also using our equity and ETF algorithms that we launched two months ago to generate huge amounts of cash flow that they can then put back into Bitcoin if they want to. Um, some of our systems and setups around that have been just outrageous. Well, this is a perfect example of what Gary's already doing, but doing it manually because he's an expert and he knows what he's doing. But the the when you see markets connect that have never connected before. When you see the opportunity to simultaneously play two different symbols that are inversely proportionate to one another in their moves there creates an a a arbitrage opportunity in the volatility attached to those two assets like you've never seen before. And so I look at it as like I give the analogy all the time.
It's like volatility is like rainfall. It's really hard to predict and the further out you try to predict it, the harder it is. But you know, rainfall happens everywhere sometimes. You know, water, if you're going to put buckets to try to catch rain in New Orleans, well, then you're relying on Gulf systems to produce that moisture. If you're going to put buckets in California, you're going to be looking at Nino type crops that El Nino. But my wrong this year again, >> my point my point is is like all of these areas have different drivers for moisture and different drivers that produce the rain. And so in the age of AI and in the age of automation, I think the volatility potential or the volatility yield potential attached to the markets and the ability to catch that volatility is the first time in human history that we've been very very close or have arrived at systematic advantage attached
to compounding. Like when you can make a quarter percent clip every single day across the markets for volatility, you're harnessing a power that you've never harnessed before. And Einstein calls it the eighth wonder of the world, the most powerful force in nature, which is the laws of compounding. And I don't think most people understand what that looks like. And I think if you play volatility traps across the markets and you do it according to how proportionate they are in their moves, if they're inverse, then there are little arbitrage opportunities that will yield those types of results. And if you can do that every single day, you will be richer than any of your wildest dreams. And that's something that's never been available to us before. We're knocking on that door. And so my point to people is is like if volatility is good and you can set traps buckets to catch it, wouldn't you want
buckets in as many cities as you can and all you're doing at that point is adjusting the size of the buckets based upon the average rainfall? Like there's no reason to have a massive bucket in the desert because it doesn't ring them. And all eventually investing to me is going to be all about how well you harvest the volatility across all of the markets. How much rain can you catch every single day across these different fronts and across the systems that are moving? And you can't do that manually, period. And so that's where I think we we we're at the nexus of something really really special. >> Well, you can do it manually, but you've got to be a hedge fund that employs, you know, 57 people sitting across trading desks, you know, spending all day attempting to do it manually. >> Well, you can do it manually against one market like that. It's like Gary's done it exceptionally well. He he
I'd love for you to go through kind of what you did on that trade, but you you did it. You took a cash yielding focused product and combined it with a huge upside gains profit or product and you said okay I'm going to have the middle ground. I want the best of both worlds. I want my money every month like a selling of covered call strategy would give me the rich man's game but I also want a bunch of upside potential on the back end of it too. That doesn't show me another asset class where that's actually even existed at the same time. >> Yeah, really true. You know, I've actually probably underutilized my my ability on my position because I you know, I've been studying Bitcoin. I didn't want to lose it. I didn't want to do anything stupid. Um but you know, you you guys talk about volatility is vitality. I I don't think for most people that's true. I think volatility >> Gary, I lost audio
on you. I can't hear you at all right now. I don't really I saw your mouth say vital v uh volatility is vitality. And I did see that online, but let me I'm afraid to jump back out because I don't think Scott will let me back in. I think he got kicked. >> Yeah, and we lost Andrew. >> Andrew, I'm back. I'm back. I'm back. Yeah, I can hear you, Tilman. No problem. >> Can you hear me? >> I can hear you just fine. Yep. >> So, Tilman's got the problem. But what I was saying is that I think I don't think >> I got it back. I'm back. >> The reason I went into STRC wasn't because I was brilliant. It was because I was confused a year ago in October, November of last year when the market just went >> Yeah. Yeah. I don't understand any of this. Okay. If I don't understand it and I've missed, you know, I've lost a lot of opportunities and making lots of money. But if if I don't understand it, I can't I'm
not going to go to bed at night and feel comfortable. I'm I'm going to be like, why did I chase? Oh, Scott Melker told me to buy. Like, that's not a reason to buy Okay. I mean, it's I'm better off listening to somebody on the street. I mean, I just >> Yeah. >> Um, so for me, the volatility for most people in the audience, I don't think it is vitality. I think it's fear. And that allowed me to go sit the money at $94,000 Bitcoin. And I'd already bought some 102. In fact, I did some with you guys in the hund. I said, "Hey, let's let's go into Gemini and let's deploy your tool." And you did a great job. But I was like, "Hey, do I really want to buy some more $100,000 Bitcoin?" >> Right? This is the thing for Bitcoin to me. No one should chase Bitcoin ever again. It is a lie. >> It is a lie that $300 Bitcoiners are telling you. They are average cost is 300 bucks, dude. And they're telling you
to buy any level, but they're not. I am not going to buy $120,000 Bitcoin. I'm not doing it, dude. I'm going to wait for it to come back to me >> and I'm probably not going to buy 95s because I think I'm still going to see in the 70s again. This product wants to shake people out, man. It really wants to shake people out. >> What tools allow you to do that? >> And to Andrew's point earlier, the vi the the volatility attached to leverage trading will keep the market honest for a very forever because there's too much money that can be gained with too little capital placed in order for those trades not to be taken. That's why you see, you know, these headlines every time Bitcoin moves. What's the major headline? Everybody says this many shorts liquidated at this price or this many longs. That's all that's all leveraged money. That's all people going I can put, you know, $10 in and get $200 represented.
I get 20 to one leverage in some of these cases. Like, why wouldn't I take small bets, you know, when I think it's the bottom? because it can pay 20 to1 on it can pay 20% yield on a 1% move even if I'm slightly right you know I can get a lot of money that that that is going to continue the degenerates are always going to want to try to harness that volatility for quick getrich money and that you can you can be a sucker and fall into that game or you can play the stupid simple like volatility is an asset but you only buy on the big red candles if If you really look at what you It's really simple. Don't chase green candles, which means don't start buying after you see them. Chase the big red candles DCA into those and you're going to be really happy one day. And other if you don't, you're still going to have the best exposure to the cost curve that you could get in the asset. So, you may be
wrong in your thesis. You may be wrong. Bitcoin could go to zero one day, but you're not wrong in the way you've played the cards. Gary, I know you're a card player. Do you ever leave a poker tournament where you have the nuts on the turn and you go all in and someone draws you out on the river and you go, "Damn it, I shouldn't have done that." No, you had the nuts. You You played it perfectly. >> Everything on that trade. And it's like, "Hey, I still should have." Now, maybe I shouldn't have maybe I got in over my head, but uh like when you have a chance, when the fast ball's coming down, you swing at the ball, dude. You don't for a better pitch. Swing at the damn ball. My god. Just >> Well, and to your point, just don't enter tournaments where if you get knocked out, you're broke. You know, if the buy into the tournament is too rich, that's where you make the decision. But you don't make
the decision at the table like you're scared money. Like, oh, this guy's pushed all in on me and you've got the nuts and you're scared to call them. That tells you you the buyin was too rich for you, man. You can't you're playing with money you can't afford to lose. Whereas, if you're in a healthy, you know, ratio to your net worth, you're just going, man, I played that hand great. Luck wasn't for me. It went against me. I got knocked out, but I did it exact. I'd do it a hundred times the same way again and I probably would win won 90 of the tournaments. You know, that's the way that's the way real investors think in my in my opinion. And that's very different than the way Bitcoin investors think. Very different. Um >> yeah, >> they think like my 15year-old son does, >> right? >> That they're the luckiest people in the room all the time. And they play the hands like that. Like, oh, I'm I'm
I got a 16% chance of winning. I'm that guy, you know? That's the way I play blackjack in Vegas. Yeah, that's the way I play blackjack in Vegas. I'm the luckiest guy at the table. Let's go all in on 13. I'm I'm sticking I'm sticking on 13. Well, uh we can uh stay on the stream here and just stare at each other uh for another few minutes or you know, >> let me ask you a question before we go. Um, where do you guys think this thing hits resistance and really starts to struggle? Um, I made a comment about, hey, I think we could see 70s. I think it'd be healthy. Not necessary, but I think it would be healthy to see a retracement and just see another grab at mid70s, low 70s. Um, you know, and that may be spurred by a nuclear incident or a radiation event or a sunspot moment or who knows. This world is so insane. >> It It's hard to say because we >> I'm looking for a $17,000 pullback before I even
think about something because I'm I'm of the firm belief that you always look for a 50% retracement and the bounce. And so we've gone up 40%. I want to see a 20% pullback. And when I see the 20% pullback and I see a rounding bottom on the 20% and I see volume step in and I see a confirmation, to me that's the most riskless entry that you can get. Um it doesn't mean that it won't >> 7275ish. >> Yeah. Yeah. That's where that's where I'm thinking because I think 75 was a material point uh in our Bitcoin history. It's reached that >> beautiful the other day, dude. And so I'd be looking for it to hold again after a major pull back because if it if it does then you have a very you've got a higher percentage likelihood that that's actually the bottom where it's going to bounce. And it doesn't mean the permanent bottom. It just means the bottom for that leg of the journey on you know that that volatility
lag essentially. Um I bet with my brother and some other guy for um I said look we see 75 and I was really nervous of the bet. We'll see 75,000 before we see 817. It's a week ago. Happened in two days. Grant had to pay me off. But but you know, when it hits 75,000, it was really a bad bet on me. I should have said 75800 or something. It hit 75,000 and it just pierced right below it. >> It stayed there for two seconds, man. >> I mean, maybe 20 seconds. Okay. And these people that are sitting there going, "Hey, I'm waiting for the bottom." Dude, if your bid isn't already there, you ain't getting hit. You're going to be lucky to get hit if it's there, >> right? If you put in 94.99, right? You you you like it's these these very bottom marks don't last very long. >> No. And they squeeze away from you really, really, really fast. Really fast. Like you go from that 748 up to 76 in less than an hour.
I mean, you it it moves really fast on you. Um, yeah, it's it's uh yeah, if we see a retracement, great. I don't think it'll be a quote unquote violent retracement. I don't think that's how Bitcoin moves anymore. I don't think we're going to see a down 6% day, you know, anytime soon. Again, we're we're back in the the fall, right? Sell and go away is over. It's been over for a month. We're back in this space now where people are making allocations to portfolios um that are, you know, let's call it the bid underneath Bitcoin in a much much bigger way than it was over the past 6 months. Um so, you know, we we may get back there, but it it it would be a a slow bleed of some sort. Um I don't know. I I you know, un we'll see. It'll probably clip to 70s. How deep it goes into the 70s, I'm not entirely sure. There there's when I'm seeing Morgan Stanley, you know, double the highest day they've ever
had, that just tells me something. That just tells me that the narrative is starting to grab hold uh in spaces that, you know, those people aren't going to sell their Bitcoin. No matter what it does, you know, on a day-to-day ba basis, they are never going to sell. And those people have been taught for the past 20 years, if you purchase an asset because you've made a decision that you believe in its long-term viability, any dip of any kind is for buying, add money to that position. So again, that's a that's another bid that's just kind of sitting there, right? That that that's really hard to break. So we'll see. If we see 75 over the next 90 days, I'd be slightly surprised. I'd be I'd be a little bit surprised. Yeah. >> Well, I will just say this. I I think that the the guard has changed officially, and I think whatever bottoms we find are Wall Street bottoms, like you said, systematic buys.
Um, and it's I if you look at like old school Bitcoiners, the hardcore narrative guys, they've moved to Zcash. Um, and that's why Zcash has gone crazy. Um, they the narrative that they are married to doesn't exist in Bitcoin anymore. They want they want the the anarchist coin. They want to feel like the rest of the world's collapsing and they're the smartest people in the room that have the only asset that's going to survive. I just think it's just incredibly naive, very childlike, very foolish. Um, and we're going to we're going to see this is the first time in the Bitcoin's history that we've actually seen that take place. The capitulation from the OGs act actually come home to they've sold out a lot of those coins. And I don't, to Andrew's point, I don't think the people that bought those coins are nearly as price sensitive or capital sensitive as the people that sold them. And I think
that that's going to be a material difference as it pertains to where the future price goes. You know, if you look at the regular stock market, for example, one of the greatest secrets that nobody really thinks about is not only that inflation drives prices up, but every employee in America is buying US securities every day with their 401k. There is a literal bid. There's a bid floor at plus 1% of the average daily volume. There's more. There's 1% of every day's volume on the bid >> every single day, whether you like it or not, whether people are feeling good about it or not, because people are at their jobs and their money managers are shoveling their money into Google. And we're going to see that grow over the next 10 years in Bitcoin. and 1% of that pi pushed into Bitcoin is gonna have a a huge net effect on the price compared to all the other markets. Uh it's just a much smaller market.
It's going to move it more in my opinion. >> Well, I think that's an awesome way to close. I mean, what else can we say? >> That's dope.