Hey everybody, welcome to this week in Stardust. We're about to take you to Osaka, Japan for Jason's live chat with Yuki Sherado. He's the managing director of the Tech Stars Tokyo Accelerator. They're going to have a fascinating deep dive on what's going on in the Japan startup scene. Then Jason and Yuki hear some pitches from some amazing Japanese founders. Thanks to Jetro for powering this awesome event. Enjoy the show. >> How's everybody doing? >> Oh, now it's good. Now it's good. up top. This is a very beautiful room. If only it had a good view. Wow, what a view. Incredible. Um, it's great to be back in Japan. I have been coming every six months now. Uh I am very lucky because um uh Jetro asked me last year, hey would you uh come to Japan and bring your founder university and bring it to Japan and I said uh twist my arm and they twisted it and I went oh okay I'll come. Um because I love
coming to Japan and I've been coming for many years. Uh maybe 25 years. Uh and the first time I came, I stayed in uh Rapangi at a hotel that was $80 a night. And uh I got into the bed and then I tried to figure out where to put my bag, but the bag wasn't enough room between the bed and the walls. So I had it like hanging off the bed and I could touch one side of the room. I could touch the wall and then when I leaned over at my bed, I could touch the other side and I fell in love with Japan. Uh I got up at 5 in the morning and went to this Giji fish market and uh then I ate everything. And now between my trips here, I have a bot. I have a Grock bot and I take screenshots and articles and I just give it to my bot. I used to write everything down in a book. Now I just give it to my bot and I say when I'm in Japan um uh make me an HTML file of all the places by neighborhood and then I just walk
around uh and I get to uh eat and we do something called a bang bang bang bang. This is something that um chefs in America came up with. When you come somewhere that's really great, you don't just want to have one breakfast. You want to have at least two. And you don't want to have one lunch. You want to have two lunches. And for dinner, you really can't get by with less than three. And so what we do is I come with my friends and um we'll go have uh the pancakes at Bill's and then the French toast at Center Bakery and then we'll get ramen and then we'll get tonkatu and then we'll get tempora just and we walk around uh and everybody who's an entrepreneur who I bring to Japan gets very excited um because they can't believe that everybody in Japan is an entrepreneur. for everybody in Japan is a founder. You didn't know this, but when you go to the Tonkatu place and you watch them work, they
care like a founder cares about their startup. Every detail, lots of focus. And Kaizen getting a little bit better each time. Getting a little bit better each time. And so, uh, I told Jetro, "We can do Founder University as long as it starts in January." They said, "January? Why January?" I said, "Well, I have to go to Hokkaido and ski." So, one week in Tokyo, it's a little cold. And then I go to Hokkaido, and it's very cold, but there's so much incredible snow. Uh, and then in the summer, we also have found university. or twice a year and we have our second cohort. It's going very well. Um we're getting to meet so many great entrepreneurs and they asked me to come to Osaka. I've never been here. I've been to Miyazaki. Uh but my first time in Osaka. Uh this is a beautiful city. Um how many people are from Osaka here? How many people? Okay, not too many. How many people are from Tokyo? Great.
How many people from the United States? Okay, great. Awesome. Uh, well, it's going to be great for us to hang out a little bit. I love meeting founders and helping them. Two of my team members are here. Ismael is maybe outside and Lucas is here, who's the CTO for my venture firm. Um, and we're going to talk tonight about being an entrepreneur. And um, I have a great guest from Tech Stars and we're going to take pitches as well. some of the tech stars companies and then just some random companies that applied. And this is going to be a lot of fun because this is a safe space. We're going to give very, very, very candid feedback. This is something that's not very Japanese. I learned I'm from Brooklyn. In Brooklyn, when you do something that's stupid, everybody looks at you and said, "Wow, that was very stupid. You're extremely dumb. Why do you keep doing so many stupid things, Jason?" And then
I'd say, "I I I don't know. That was really stupid. I'll never do that again. Thank you." In Japan, they say, "And if you do something really bad, I had to explain this." They say, "I understand that this is an extremely dramatic way to say, "Why are you so stupid?" Is it correct? This means you're an idiot. you're doing something that everybody else understands you should not do. And I said, "Well, how would I know I'm not supposed to walk across this beautiful grass lawn?" And they said, "The sign that says do not walk in. This happened to me. I was in a park and it happened." Okay. Uh so I'll just tell you briefly about Founder University. We uh had an incredible experience. Our venture capital firm launch uh we make 100 investments a year. We have 20 people. Uh and we found out that when we would get well over 10,000 applications for funding a year, half of them were not yet incorporated.
And we keep seeing this trend in the age of AI especially. The company has not incorporated. there's two or three people but they have a finished product and it's awesome and they don't need money and they might even have a customer or two or people using the product and I say well how do you take their money and oh we're not charging yet or um I put it on my personal Stripe account from another thing uh I was another project I was doing and so we saw all that energy and we had our accelerator and there's tech stars and Y combinator and many other great programs so we said what if we created something for for the accelerator founder university 12 weeks twice a week tactical and practical talks tactical how to get things done practical easy to apply and so we started this program we've now done it 12 times in the United States right now we're doing our second cohort uh in Japan and in January
we start the third one japanfounderun university if you want to apply it's going to start in January I don't I don't know why January is such a random month. We started in January again. Wow, that's crazy. That's the best month for skiing in Hokkaido. What a coincidence. Um, so you should all um apply for that. Okay, so uh let me bring up Yuki Shirato. Yuki, come on up. Let's give him a big round of applause. And as is the tradition, you and I are going to do a karaoke duet. >> You've picked the song. >> I will pick a song. Yes. No, >> I'm joking. I'm not going to do a song. >> Maybe later. You never know. >> You get to sit. I will relax. >> Tell everybody how long has Tech Stars uh been in Japan and uh tell us about the program here and when you joined. >> Techstars Tokyo started in 2024, 3 years ago. So I've been the managing director since the inception. Uh so sort of like inaugural uh
MD uh and then we are currently running the third program. Uh and then we accept 12 companies a year. Six from Japan and six from known uh outside Japan actually. Uh and then also when I say Japan doesn't have to be Japanese founders in Japan. So some of them are actually founded by foreigners in Japan where the Japanese founders uh who live abroad and then started a company mostly in California in the United States. >> Bringing people um to Japan is a big focus of the uh government today. Maybe you could talk a little bit about how that's changed over time. It used to be a little bit hard 20 years ago to come here as an American. >> Right. That that's absolutely right. So we have two goals and and then texture Tokyo is uh sponsored by Jetro as well as uh Japanese uh government in general cabinet office ministry of com trade and industry and then Tokyo motor government and uh uh their uh
two goals are one Japanese startups going global so you help the Japanese startups going global and then the other uh goal is to entice the foreign founders come to Japan uh so Japan market entry and foreign direct investment um >> they don't need to speak Japanese. >> No. >> So, >> my program is English. >> They can learn. >> Yes. >> There's some very important words you need to learn. >> Yes. >> Um, my favorite is >> which I say increasingly as I have beers even more gruff, right? >> Is my favorite word. Excuse me. >> Yeah. >> Is my favorite word, >> right? >> Only because I like the sound of it. Um, so I think one of the key things we should talk about is the Japanese entrepreneur and how they look at uh starting a company in Japan which is an amazing market 100 million uh customers customers have a lot of money they're very techsavvy they want to try new things they're excited they're
enthusiastic and for many years, a lot of Japanese companies have been content with staying on the island, >> but that's something I think we want to see change a little bit. So maybe talk a little bit about the mindset of Japanese entrepreneurs and how you work with them to maybe start thinking about America, Europe, Middle East, etc. I think uh the cultural shift in entrepreneurship in Japan uh is uh hard to change but gradually changing as you mentioned. Um I think we need uh like a heroes or role models who uh have been successful as entrepreneurs and become serial entrepreneurs uh or uh very publicly speaking about their experiences. Um so I think uh things are are generally uh gradual unfortunately. I I think um the the entrepreneurship spirit amongst Japanese people are still pretty low as compared in United States. Uh um uh the Tokyo or Japan uh you know there are a lot of uh rankings
of entrepreneurship and startups and and Japan is always around like between um 10 and 15th uh spot which is great. uh used to be like 30 or 40 so it's going up and up but I think there is a a huge uh sort of like you know um the hurdle to to overcome uh to get to San Fran, New York and London. Uh so yeah, I'm I'm seeing a lot of uh Japanese uh top talent uh becoming entrepreneurs uh because mostly um kind of they lost hope on the long like lifetime employment or you know the illusion of uh you know big corporations uh just being forever. Um but um I think it is still a challenge >> and that concept of working at a big company forever still exists in Japan but parents are now maybe thinking a little differently about what they wish for their sons and daughters. Yeah. They used to maybe when I first started coming here 25 or 30 years ago, the idea that you would skip working for a big company
to start your own company was very scary. It was considered a bad idea, >> right? >> But here we are in 2026. I think many parents would rather see their uh son or daughter start a company first, give it a shot, knowing well the big company will still be there. Am I correct in >> uh my view of this? >> I think >> it's okay if I'm not. My perception is a bit biased, but I've been talking to folks and >> yeah, >> I don't know if it's everyone, but it does seem to be changing a bit. >> Yes, it is. It is definitely changing. I I agree. Uh but I think relatively speaking, it's still uh pretty conservative. Um so for example if you fail as an entrepreneur and and then you spend like I don't know five years uh and then you're I don't know mid to late 20s uh where would you go? So there are a lot of Japanese corporates who take the mikaria people now uh and then they are more tolerant of you know
failed entrepreneurs or uh whoever uh you know challenged uh themselves to do something else and then trying to come back. Um but I think there are still a little bit of con conservatism uh amongst uh corporate people uh who prefer to have someone right after undergrad and then you know stay with the company for a long time and then there are some uh very successful Japanese companies uh of course right like Sony and then Mubishi and then so uh it is not um yeah uh and unreasonable for parents to think that you know they should work for the the big corporations. either >> it's reasonable, but now in pop culture, they're starting to see examples of what's possible. Um and the skills and the craftsmanship here even if uh folks maybe don't believe they're entrepreneurs when we come from America we go wow you understand as a culture product market fit PMF the hardest thing in the world feels
like it is one of the core tenants one of the core skill sets of the Japanese people is product market fit >> right >> it's inherent in almost every interaction I have here so maybe >> talk a little bit about where that starts in school with parents h how does product market fit become such a deep and important part of the Japanese culture >> well that's a difficult question but I think uh it comes down to education especially the for young children I think uh they learn um um in a young age um like the rules of society uh and then they uh uh behave in certain way to uh kind of create a harmony and and uh I think it's uh just comes down to like how you educate children. I think uh there is no right or wrong curriculum for any school. uh and then uh I don't know. I think that's that's a very difficult question. >> I have some ideas about why. >> Okay. >> I think if you see people taking pride
in their work >> um from a very young age and you assume that's what's expected that if you were going to make the coffee, you would do it as best you can. And if you were uh going to do any other job, the expectation is even if nobody's watching to do it well, >> to do it to the best of your ability and to take some amount of pride in it. >> I think it's just embedded in how what you see, >> right? And in other cultures, you might see people not caring as much. Uh, and if somebody were to throw some um litter on the floor in America, people just walk by. >> Right. >> Here, if you were to do that, it would be a big conversation. Yeah. >> Yep. Yep. Yeah. They they definitely take pride in their work. Um, like, you know, from uh I don't know, the conductor of train to uh the garbage collector to primary school teacher um to yeah, the ceramic artist. It's like everyone uh cares about like like
their attention to detail is surmount I think. So that's that's uh for sure. Uh how they are nurtured that way is a very difficult question. I really don't know why. Well, and then I think maybe the counter is maybe an intolerance for failure >> and maybe a little bit of shame if you don't do it well, which then might lead people to take a little less risk on the margins as opposed to in America. Yeah. >> Where if I said fake it till you make it. >> Yeah. >> You know, just believe that you're the CEO of a big corporation >> and people will treat you like one. People go, "Yeah, that's a good advice." >> Yeah. maybe not so much here. I'm here with Keith Pius, the founder of Lightfield. They are an AI native CRM that builds and updates itself in real time from your email, your calendar, your Slack, your meeting notes, all those things that you keep misplacing. Welcome to the program, Keith.
>> Uh, great to be here. >> What novel use cases have you seen your customers use with Lightfield? Because some of them are obvious. Hey, I'm selling SAS software. Hey, I'm selling a product or service into corporate America. uh and it's pretty you know standard process at this point in 2026 but once you introduce AI into this you can get really creative so what creative uses have people found inside of lightfield >> I'll start with uh finding new customers the first thing is we found that it's so easy to build these automations in light field where you are scraping different websites and looking at different data sources then giving it to you know a high parameter model to to reason through that you can find new customers in ways that you couldn't using traditional data sources. Uh so we have folks that are uh scraping clinical trials websites, you know, or scraping firms that have uh active
litigation matters, you know, from government websites. and then uh using light field enrichment to uh connect those people to companies or companies to people uh and then sending them highly tailored uh personalized emails. >> Everybody go check out heightfield.app. >> Yeah, I think the that's right. Um I think I heard analogy that uh everyone wears a lab coat in Japan. So, it's like a white coat that if you make a mistake, you get tainted. You know, you get like a little bit of >> Oh, that's >> you know, red ink or, you know, blue ink or whatever. And then you don't want to get a lot of like, you know, stains uh throughout your life. So, if you die and then with a clean white lab coat, your life is like, you know, impeccable. Uh as opposed to, you know, you get a lot of failures. >> It's completely backwards. Each of those blotches tells a story. >> Yeah. That's actually >> that's how Americans
Yeah. would think >> you would look at the um if you were a cowboy >> and you saw the boots and the boots had some cuts in them and >> if the leather jacket was rough and had a hole or your jeans were ripped, that's a story. Yeah, >> that's a great moment where you learn something, right? Yeah. >> So, >> that's actually a very good point because Japanese people are really bad at storytelling. Uh so, they have a lot of stories, right? But they never tell their stories. Uh so this is completely different from startups but uh if uh if I may. Um so I was helping this uh Japanese um uh client uh of mine and um long story but he was uh deposed uh because uh they were uh allegedly uh stealing some uh patent uh from another US company. uh but uh he actually uh went you know up to the podium not podium like the stand and then spoke about it and then he was like naturally answering the you know the
the opposing council's course examination and then it was about the cinnamon uh so there was a a very special molecular um like you know elements and the cinnamon that he found and then they created this like you know interesting uh products uh but you know this US company sued them Right. And then he went on to the stand and then cross examination. He naturally said like you know I'm very confident. I developed this. I discovered this. This is my product. This is my work. You know this is my life work. I've been working in this 30 years. How can you even like you know doubt and whatever right? And then how can you say that is like oh I have a daughter like 18 year old. I named her cinnamon because you know I this like dedicated my life to this. So I even named my daughter Cinnamon. So like it was this like kind of and crossing examiner like opposing council just was like a movie >> like
shocked and like Yeah. So >> case closed. >> Exactly. So I think that some Japanese people just take years and decades of one thing and then make it really perfect. So >> and so how are the applications going? Are you getting a good number of applications and then when they come in what do they need help with in the program? what are the things where they uh just don't know what to do uh they don't have exposure to it. >> So the vast majority of applications actually come from outside Japan uh which says something um but uh yeah we are getting uh thousands of applications uh which is uh which is great uh a lot of uh non-Japanese people want to move to Japan and try out uh to get some Japanese capital or work with Japanese businesses or even hire top talent. Um but uh again I think the challenge is the Japanese side, the Japanese entrepreneurs and whatnot. But I think the government is doing
a great job and supporting the community and ecosystem. Uh and then I think uh you've done a a great service to Japan like you know founder university is amazing. I think they are a great catalyst. >> I think some of ours have applied and maybe even gotten into text which is great. We're a feeder for you guys. >> Yes. and and then actually the and also the um you know uh vice versa I think the texters graduates went to launch. >> Oh fantastic. Yes we did have yeah thank you so much. Yeah. So I think you're drain because you've done so much for Silicon Valley and then you know like startup ecosystem around the world right globally and then you being like in Japan and coming to Japan and helping the Japanese founders and ecosystem is a a really boost uh huge boost to the community itself. film. >> And you have a gift for me. I understand. He's he didn't tell everybody, but he's brought my passport.
So, I have a Japanese passport now. Have I earned it yet? >> Maybe a little more work. >> Yes. Maybe five more years. >> A little more. Five more years I get that Japanese passport. I have a long-term goal. >> Very hard for an American to get that Japanese passport, but who knows? Maybe if I help with a unicorn, then I will earn it. >> Yes. >> Uh, okay. Speaking of helping founders, we're going to start taking some pitches. Yes. >> Okay. So, these are some of your companies >> and I'm going to see them for the first time I believe. And so, let's bring up our first company. >> Um, hi everyone. My name is Lamia and I'm the co-founder of VD Labs where we built Seeker. Seeker is a spatial intelligence layer for complex indoor spaces. So, with Seeker, we can find your exact position just by your phone's camera. Its accuracy is down to the centimeter level. No hardware installation required. and
we work best where there's no GPS. Precise positioning is still a challenge, especially for industries such as indoor wayfinding, last mile deliveries, and also physical AI bots. GPS will help you find the building, but it can't tell you which floor you're on. So, this is how Seeker works. We come in, we take a 3D scan of the place. Our algorithm turns that scan into a precise map and then we go live where visitors get the live navigation and venue operators get the live movement data. We build maps six times faster and in real time. And we do this with LAR or just photos or even just videos of the space. And what we do is clearly like something that engineers don't have to manually annotate because our visual positioning system makes and takes care of repeated structures, closed loops, and also um narrow spaces. So, we're live at the Hong Kong International Airport where it took us two weeks
to go from scanning to deployment. We're also covering the plug-and-play Silicon Valley Summit where 4,000 exhibition goers will be using Seeker to navigate the 3-day conference. Our technology is so precise that even a blind user can navigate just by our audio and haptic feedback and you know operators like venue operators get realtime data such as visitor flow, dwell time and also dynamic rerouting options. So, the indoor navigation space is a $ 31 billion opportunity and we are positioned to capture 1,800 venues. That opens up revenue of about $500 million. So, we built Seeker because we've got family members that are visually impaired and we wanted them to navigate indoor spaces uh independently. But what we've built is one map that both people and machines can read. Uh we've won Forbes and CES for our innovation. We were also featured in CNN just last month. So we are seeker where GPS
stops seekers start. Thank you so much. >> And it's Lamia. >> Yes, >> Lamia. Okay. Do you want candid super candid or jcal candid? >> I I will go for jcal candid. >> Okay. So I'm gonna >> I'm scared. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. >> I mean you could but I could go up and down. Uh I always like since we're all founders here, I'll tell you all the good and the bad. Yeah. Okay. >> So um this pitch we've seen over the years as a known problem. >> So everybody knows this is a problem. We all experience this problem. But what investors are thinking about, we have one here. Where's the investor? He ran. Oh no, he's here. So he's still here. Um he's thinking, um oh, this is interesting technology. Um there's no business here. It happens to every business at some point. You're nearing the end of the month or maybe it's the quarter and your sales team is at risk of missing their quota. You could waste
days pulling together data from across the entire organization. Or you could just ask Rippling AI. Ripling's already built on your real-time people and business data obviously. So Rippling AI can pull metrics from both Rippling and your CRM into a meeting ready dashboard. See exactly how close you are to hitting that quota. Break down your revenue by region or sales rep or more, all in just seconds with Rippling AI. Look, you're running a company. You're busy. You have critical questions that you need immediate answers to. And you can't just file a ticket and wait a week for your team to get around to sending you a report. And you don't want to sit around waiting for reports. You need an actionable insight right now. So, if you're ready to rule your business, head to rippling.ai/twist AI/Tist to get the only AI built to give you full visibility and let you take complex actions across your
startup and you reinforced that unintentionally because you didn't address the business case here. What is the business case for this? How are you going to make that $500 million? And then there were things that when you talk about press, CNN, Forbes, that's a soft like metric. Take that out. Talk about a customer if you have a limited amount of time. And so that's really just the focus of the presentation. Then you had the charming story. Hey, somebody in the family is blind or impaired. Okay, that's fine as like a starting point, but again, without the business being in there now, some investors, like he's pretty hardcore. Um, he's thinking, "Oh, these people want to save the world. That's amazing, but I would never invest in somebody who wants to save the world. I want somebody who wants to build a unicorn and get to a hundred million in revenue as quick as possible." So, I think I'll
give you a shot at it right now. The $ 31 billion the TAM is like a topdown TAM number. >> Correct. >> We don't like those. What we train people in founder university is to build the bottom up TAM. And your two examples an airport. Okay. And then the other one like a conference that was almost proving to me as an investor like oh maybe there's no customer here. So take a second. Did you figure out a business model here yet or are you still in the trying to figure out how you might monetize this? That is actually a really good question and in fact one of the reasons we're with tech stars is that we're trying to explore the Japan market but I will tell you this um we've received an impressive amount of inbounds and they come from different verticals. So of course we started with the airports but I am getting inbounds from amusement parks that want to make you know customer service experience
a lot better. They want KPI in a flash and that's where the importance of the dashboard comes. By no means is point-to-point navigation our remote. It's the data here that is at play. The data of okay, where are my customers? Where are they spending more time in? Are they buying anything in the luxury stores of the airports? So, that is where the business is. >> Great. And that's where I thought you might go. >> Okay. >> Um, which is awesome. And then when you go down that maze, then the next thing is you have to have done the research. >> Yes. of all the other people who have tried that as well and where they wound up. Correct. Company Density IO that we've been investors in for 10 years. They use sensors in spaces to count people and then they sell it to office spaces so they can, you know, um tell you where there's open desks. They will tell the cleaning crew which conference rooms have
to be cleaned. But if nobody was in the conference room for the last 24 hours, that they will have the cleaning people skip that conference room. Right. Yes. So that area is a known area as well and there's a couple of companies that have been venturebacked that do video. So you're in the idea maze. You've obviously got technical chops. I think it's time now you've proven you can build a product, but you're going to have to be cutthroat about how you're going to make money and you really have to know all the people in the possible places. Don't be passive about it and wait for inbound. What I hope you do is you go to 10 people, 20 people. You show them the technology and then you interview them about what their issues are etc. and try to find something that is a hair on fire problem like a real problem. You hear vitamins and painkiller. This discussed and you you've heard this as well, I'm
sure. Like right now feels like a vitamin which is if you skip your vitamins, you know, you you for you might skip your vitamins for an entire week and not notice. But if you skip a painkiller and you've got a twisted ankle, you're going to know in six hours you forgot to take it. So that's what I want you to do next. Okay, great job. Let's give her a big round of applause. >> Yuki, was I too hard? Was that >> amazing feedback? >> Was it too hard? >> I don't care. >> I want you to get the hard I want you to get the hard stuff. No, I do care. I care enough to give the brutal candid advice. And you know what? I'm I'm often wrong, but not that often. Like, um I I can always tell how investors are going to interpret it and the investors don't tell you the truth, but you always have me to tell you the truth. Yuki will tell you the truth as well. Uh, investor in blue. Investor in Did any of what
I say, did any of the like handicapping I did about how investors would interpret this parallel what you were thinking? >> Yeah. >> Who are the clients? Exactly. Boom. Um and so one of the things that'll happen is you go to conferences uh everybody wants to support founders and then the investors want to support founders and there's no upside for an investor doing what I just did which is being brutally candid like Jcal level candid because what if she gets upset at me and she's like Jay Cal's a jerk I'm never going to let him invest in my company when I do figure it out I'm going to send him an email when I sell my company for a billion dollars and and let him know he missed out, which I do get those emails sometimes. >> Arabat helps electronics manufacturers to recover valuable materials from their waste. Hello everyone, I am Ralph, co and co-founder of Arabat. Batteries, capacitors, magnets,
the building blocks of AI, energy, and defense. They all depend on critical minerals. We can secure more than 200 million kilograms. That's the amount of e-waste generated by AI data center alone every year by and of the rare earth locked inside it 90% of the world's recycling capacity is still concentrated in one country US Japan no China electronic manufacturers face the same problem disposal cost supply risk and compliance all at once. Our solution to all of that just an orange. More precisely, instead of using expensive and harsh chemicals to do the recycling, we just use orange pills and other cheap agri food waste to recover the critical minerals from the electronics. Our patented technology takes in e-waste and scrap and using more than 50 fruits or vegetable. It can selectively recover critical minerals for the industry like lithium, cobalt, nickel and rare earth. More precisely,
we open the hardware. We crush it and we mix it with biomass to get finally all the crystals of such critical minerals ready to sell for the industry. And we do this 60% cheaper, 50% cleaner and also twice as fast to permit compared to any other competitors. Tauden, a multi-billion dollar Japanese company, is already testing our solution under a recently signed strategic agreement. Real NCA batteries, real capacitors, local Japanese biomass. Uh to date we have already two patents a pilot plant under development and now we are raising to scale up our biiobased approach worldwide because our future shouldn't depend on who owns the mines. It should depend on what grows nearby because money doesn't grow on trees. Critical materials do like simple oranges. Thank you for your attention. >> Wow. You found this company, Yuki. You found it. >> No, I didn't. >> I want to know if he applies. >> He applied.
Yeah. Great presentation. You're a natural presenter. Um and um you have something that nobody here has ever seen. Has anybody here ever heard of this technique for Were you in the program with him or are you a biologist? You met him before? >> Ah, got it. Yes. But nobody knew about this until you did it. So this puts you in a very unique startup category which is you're like this very unique like a unicorn without the revenue and the valuation. But um so when in a pitch contest like this or meeting investors you're going to need to after you get them intrigued like I'm intrigued right now and other investors might be intrigued. You're going to have to really educate us. How does this get to market? The go-to market is going to be the big question here. Is there somebody who really needs this? And that's where pilots come in. And when you do pilots, you really want paid pilots. You don't
want to hire just anybody. You want to work with the very top, most skilled people who really understand every aspect of the work they're doing. But seeking out a crew of specialists, well, that's its own full-time job. And you've got a startup to run. Now, there's a solution. Upwork. When you make a podcast like we do, there are so many different kinds of jobs that need to be done behind the scenes. Every platform where we post videos needs its own kind of content and different editors specialize in different kinds of videos. When we need somebody to massively boost our following on Instagram reels or start knocking out Tik Tok edits that will hit perfectly on your for you feed, we find these freelancers on Upwork. Now, we want to help you try it out for yourself. Visit upwork.com right now and post your job for free. That's upwork.com to connect with top talent ready to help your business
grow. upw.com upwork.com. So anybody can get a free pilot. You have a pilot, right? >> We have uh we have done free pilots and now it's a paid pilot from Japanese customer. >> Got it. But you did free pilots before that. How many free pilots? >> Some free pilots. Two. >> Two of them. Okay. So, what we're always contending with in our accelerator and then in Foundry University is getting people from the free pilot mode to the paid pilot mode. Um, and and what's the ballpark figure for the pilot? How much are they putting at risk? >> $50k. >> Okay. And that's for three-month pilot or something. >> Um, more six months, six months. >> And what will, if it succeeds, what will be the outcome? And then what will you charge them for the next either pilot or the first um deployment? >> They told us that are interested at opening new business initiatives around recycling because they are losing money
from their defective capacitors and so they told about licensing or joint venture. This was what they said. And so you're in that um discovery phase, but the technology works. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. On lab and also pilot already tested our own. >> So we'll assume this product's going to work. Is it cost effective? Like does it actually recover enough materials to make it profitable, very profitable, somewhat profitable. Tell us about the profitability. uh so profitable especially when the feed stock to recycle includes radars like ceramic capacitor present in each each smartphone or magnet waste and in our case we are cost effective why because biomass is cheap the maximum cost could be one ton one $100 per ton >> where are all these uh materials being sent today to landfills to Africa >> yeah landfills and China because China, for example, has the most important um industry in recycling,
and they still use traditional technology. >> Could you just go to the landfills and say, "We will pay you half of whatever we recover and we just want the 50-year license for all the garbage coming here." >> Yeah, we are thinking about that. Yeah. >> Yeah. So, if this is so profitable, maybe you need to just have people give you the material and then you give them money or find out where that material is and then you buy the rights to it. So, you're not dependent on this electronics company getting through a pilot. Like if you actually know that there's, you know, rare earths in this garbage dump in Japan where they're putting it onto a barge and sending it to China, you need to intercept it before it goes to China and say, "Hey, we'll take it cuz they sell it to China or they pay China to take it." >> They they sell to China. >> They sell used electronics to China to rip it powder from
electronics. Yeah. >> Yeah. Interesting. Very interesting business. Okay, let's give him a big round of applause. Thank you very much. >> So this is I think Yuki a really interesting company. Maybe you could say a few words about it. Um and what you think they need to do next as well. >> Yeah, I mean they are selected in my invested company. I hope they do well. But I think your uh feedback was extremely helpful. Uh and then in Arab cases I agree it's a very unique proposition. So very few people actually understand that the value and then and you know GTM and and all that. So I think that's the challenge I think they will face and then LA's case I think like you said it's a known problem. So they need to find you know the >> yes two when you look at the two different startups one of them is doing something that is a known problem we know some people have tried the other one is like okay
that's very weird we've never even heard of this and you have to understand that there's going to be different benchmarks for what's going to be expected if this problem is a known problem well we expect you better have like a good solution here and you better have a really good idea about the business plan when it's the first time you hear about it's nent you may give them a little bit more breathing room to figure it out right there might be a little more tolerance from investors >> hi I'm Takua and the co-founder of asset hub and we are making the 3D AI agent for IP content so at first uh the 3D model in entertainment that is the biggest cost so as for example for gaming it's account for 50% of whole budget so that everyone use the 3D foundational model to make assets better. It doesn't work for important context like IP character that for example uh this model is made by foundational
model but it doesn't work for IP holders because a proportion of rebon is not same with a concept right size bigger left is smaller something like that so the IP is a set of those kind of the uh local rule it's not uh exports publicly right so that's why just using the foundational model trained by public data doesn't work. So uh we uh develop the assets hub. Uh this is our AI agent for making the high level IP contents. So at first our agent take image and they analyze okay what type of image need to be prepared for 3D AI separate the parts and then check the consistency with the original inputs and then generate 3D model with function model and later to make it usable compose them into single character by referring to the original concept. So while maintain the original uh taste. So um by doing this we can automate the entire process for making the quad important characters. So uh we applied
this method for actual client and then the client was making uh the anime contents and then okay they spend at least around a week to make single character but now it's less than a day and even more AI can do it parally right so it's quite a faster and then cheaper and then uh so far uh okay we earned around 290k annual run rate and the wide work with the top IP contents and then we have many Japanese clients and also as a pipeline we are going to have a more US side enterprise too. So uh our business model uh at first uh we introduce the FDE model. So uh by directly working with IP holder we customize our agent and then uh after that um we can export those kind of things as a software. So just sometimes a global user can use a self sub style or just we sometimes do the uh case IP licensing business uh by giving the IP customized agent which is acquired by the FD process. So uh this is our
go to market. So simply say what we going to do is IP rollup business. So at first uh okay we can reduce the cost of main content something like okay hierarchy okay they have so many media right so anime gaming or something everything use 3D model so we op optimize the cost of them and then once we could have agents that even we do a more licensing business I mean the uh just export this top grade IP agent to every creators even UGC India something so anyway yeah by making the uh C top customized agent uh by IP holders uh we can expand IP revenue even we can take revenue share from the contents too. So uh the only asset type does it so uh there are the foundational model company or some AI uh outsourcing company too but most of them focusing on more casual asset creations. So uh in Japan so many IP content creators and then uh there so many enterprise want to work with startups. So that's
why uh we could have this wedge by working with them. So yeah uh time is at first uh we want to replace a 3D artist labor cost. So it's there are around 30k artist in the world and then the cost is around the average $80k something. So it's a $25 billion and even more if we can expand the IP revenue share with IP roof style uh it's could be six billion. So it's around $30 billion time. Um and then uh so we're going to achieve the $und00 million of with this timeline. So uh just within uh four years uh we expand FDE and also the IP revenue share initial model and after that yeah by 2034 we'd like that to $100 million. Yeah. And our team is a ser founders uh from entertainment and gaming. So uh my previously uh my uh I co-ounded Gaudi and that raised $70 million and they're working with uh Japanese IP content uh Sony Band something and then we also did IP roper business and then Jonathan is
in San Francisco and exist founder in gaming field and Android is also the uh president founder of the sub company. So we combine those expertise in this company and then try achieving the kind of biggest outcomes uh from there. So yeah that's all. So thank you for listening. Let me make sure I understand the business. You have a tool that instead of making 3D models in CAD tools or however Pixar makes them or Hello Kitty makes them, you make an AI version of that that's really good and fast and allows people to make those models uh maybe 12 times faster. If I got it right, 10 12 times faster. Then if you can do it faster, then you can export those and when somebody licenses Hello Kitty to put it on a t-shirt or in a video game or whatever, you can give them the the assets faster and more efficiently. Yeah. >> Yes. Exactly. So uh at first uh so uh it's beyond just a replacement to cat or
something. I mean the artist workflow of course makes 3D model but after that check the consistency quality. This is a review process, right? So we cover end to end process. So okay I take input image as a design create a 3D model and even giving the feedback and review and the adjustment. So that's why it's a beyond adjusted. >> Got it. So the person who's making the figurine has to make sure that the person they're licensing it from agrees that it's worthy of being produced. >> Yes. So yeah the reason why the can say many people cannot use IP is the following the rule is really tough but our agents replace the process automatically by software >> very interesting it's we don't have as much of an IP business in the US or Disney does Marvel and Star Wars we don't um have as much I don't think but I could be wrong as well um and the best way to make money from this is to sell people the software
for you that's your belief. >> Yeah. And especially uh we expect a global user use this IP agent. So I mean the popularity of the Japanese anime IP or something in uh UDC is getting growing and even uh around the $500 million is a pirates version of the IP contents in Roblox only blocks right so that's why working with IP >> you might have consumers making characters for Roblox and they own that IP and they can license it to some other party. >> Yes. So for for just example just make a for example hierarchy agents for their own original contents and then once we could make a agent just uh distribute this agent to UC creators of course they can make UC content with a IP right and then once they earn some revenue do distribution something like a 20% revenue or something >> so I get Hello Kitty and I make a movie or something a short film it will give the license or give the licensing revenue
back to the owner. Yes, something like that. Yes. >> Ah, interesting. So, that's very disruptive and interesting, I think. Um, I literally just tweeted today people have been making Marvel movies using Sea, is it Sea Dance? >> Sea dance. >> Seance, we don't have it in the United States. Yeah, the Chinese one. So, people are making because they don't respect the IP. They're making these Marvel ones. And I said, Marvel should put this into or Disney should put a Marvel shorts creator into Disney Plus. If you have a Disney Plus account, they should let you make your own shorts of up to like three minutes and then publish them to the site and people could vote on them and maybe you could win prizes or get a ticket to Disneyland or something in exchange for doing it. But people were making Spider-Man versus the X-Men and it was like trending on X.com today. It was very interesting. So I think
that's what I hope for you is that maybe you can create a model that helps them make more money. Like I would think even bigger right now you're thinking about the tool. I would think about the ecosystem as well. Selling the tool is interesting. Creating a new ecosystem based on what you know is insane. So maybe you need to find somebody or maybe you could buy some old IP and then you could prove it by making your own ecosystem and allowing consumers to make their own content and sharing the revenue. This is a very interesting idea. I like the bigger idea of you maybe being in the IP business somehow or creating the marketplace of IP. Very interesting. There's an expression uh come for the tool, stay for the marketplace. So you have the tool. I wonder what the marketplace is here is. Very interesting idea. >> Yeah, I think it's >> you also seem very talented. Each all three entrepreneurs
are very good. Let's give them a big round of applause. All three great entrepreneurs. It's hard to rank these um especially since they're so desperate, like very different businesses. Um, but if you told me I could only invest in one, I probably would go for Arabot because it's the crazy of the moment, you know, uh, startup because everybody needs minerals now and there's a shortage of rare earths or, you know, it seems like there's so much momentum in that space, right? So, very interesting. All right. So, now we're going to have eight companies who are going to pitch. But to make it efficient, they get two minutes each and they're going to go four backto back and then Yuki, since you don't haven't seen these, you can start you ask like whichever top two you want to ask questions to. But we're going to let them go in a row so that we can but you got to take notes. It's very important we
take notes because you'll forget the start of three startups ago. Okay, so lightning round. Here we go. >> Hello everyone. My name is Yoske from Collier. We are building the AI agent or turning the conversation data into your business growth. Millions of conversation happen every day. But what if someone could uncover insight and act on them? Alex, a game marketing manager had just launched a new mobile game. He invest a lot for new user acquisition, but player leaves easily. He is overwhelmed by the tons of conversation from the users and not sure what really happened there. Complens analyzes all the conversation across the platform and just find out the rising frustration from a users and there is a 52 high value players at the risk of churning. So Alex se this segment and I turn on our AI agent and the agent started to conversation with the users automatically with a personalized messages
and then while talking to users the agent try to understand the user needs and the com lens platform turn this conversation data into career business intelligence and also the action plan for Alex. Based on this insight, the team provide a hot fix road map better matchmaking system and this improve the user engagement and the in-game revenue. So our business model combine the service friction and based pricing based on the conversation volume. Then so far we have the four paid customer across Asia market and a training K ML from a global gaming publisher and a consumer blends and so far we have 100 paid customer retention ratio since last year. And now the market as long as have the conversation data this is our scope. We start to focus on the gaming market and enter into the other industry and the region to achieve the hund00 million by 2030. Team member I used to work at the meta global
gaming team as a marketing specialist and my CTO also have the strong background of the engineering across fintech and AI. Then we are backed by uh am investor Shimadasang. uh he's the executive director of the rock before. That's all my presentation. Thank you. >> I'm Hiomiito, founder and inventor of Juju. We gave protein structure. This is protein and this is fat. Let me show you the concept. Our patented technology combines protein and fat keeping their boundaries intact. Decor thick naturally about whole cuts in seconds. New proteins are everywhere but turning them into a greater steak takes structure plant fermentation cultivated four sources of future protein. Beyond meat steak f shows the opportunity beyond grand meat whole cuts 3D printing explorers structure in the lab. The question is how to deliver it at scale. These are potential customers. They make the protein. Juju give it
give it structure. A major Japanese food company has invited us to demonstrate hybrid meat. You may have eaten their food. Jason, you may also have two before. Absolutely. The real meat transplant plant protein will lean and fat kept visibly distinct. If successful, imagine this company alone reaching billions of meals with a 5 cent royalty. We license structuring technology. Hood companies produce meals. We are recovering royalties as productions growth. Our vision reaches beyond earth structuring without relying on gravity even on the moon. We give the proteins of the future the structure people love. Juju the structure layer for the protein ecosystem. Thank you. >> Hello. We are building Japan media. Japan media is a m platform that combine manga and anime creation with global distribution. Our traction we had 400k dollars last year in four months and this year we forecast $1.8 $8 million
and we have already 200k booked and we have already 330,000 Japanese existing titles and the world market demand is extremely exploding but supply cannot keep up. Every year over 10% of manga anime creator has been disappearing from the industry because labor intensive work low wages. So the world wants Japanese content, but we can only supply 7% of anime. Japan media can make mang make manga and anime 10x faster and one fifth cost cut. And the most outstanding point is corporate company can own their IP. So far it it has been it has been impossible. This is our AI tool. You have only you have to do is just chat with AI agent and the AI agent agent can make manga and adapt into anime after that translated into 10 languages and distributed all over the world including Netflix, Amazon Prime and this is our works and uh so you can see the most our concern is to keep originality keep originality
creativeness. This is so ex extremely difficult for any other AI tools and we have already 330,000 Japanese IP licenses and some of them are in good revenue and we are going to adapt into anime. These famous in Japan anime Japan anime. So ordinary manga can make money twice as much as twice much as in revenue and our team. So almost all our team used to wanted become manga anime creator but we couldn't make it because like we cannot draw or we can story so we founded my company. Thank you. >> Yeah. Hi I am Dave Fu co-founder of twin AI. We are here to scale your intelligence. So when I was working for AOL, we used to buy many small startups such as Ang Gadget and Autoblog and when we buy those startups is an exit for that startup and basically the entire team leaves and I was left to maintain that software. What a nightmare. So we are building AI twins for software developers to capture their
thinking process before it's lost due to employee turnover. We have our own algorithm called RLPF which is reinforcement learning with personal feedback. Our AI twin can meta prompts AI tools such as cloud code. Tech lead love our product and so do universities. Our AI twin can be deployed locally or in the cloud. Technical depth is a well-known problem and now VIP coding just makes it worse and it's compounding. Andrew, Tim Draper and Reed Hoffman already have their AI twins. Is Jason and Yuki joining them next? I'm an ambassador for deep learning.AI and we I have been organizing many AI events and we have a natural market that we can sell our twin to. Our twin has each of them has their own model that it fine-tunes and we are working towards personal AGI. My co-founder, she loves the design and she wants her twin to do creative work for her. Let's end this with a demo. Hello. I can't help
but notice the space in your throws like how can I assist you today? Are we working layouts or the house as they show in a mist? >> Thank you. Let's pretend that uh you and I are deciding Yuki who we're going to accept to Tech Stars or to launch or found a university. And so we're inside the private room and you guys all get to hear the comments. Sound good? Okay. Which one is your we absolutely have to accept this >> because the founder and the the founder product combination is so strong. Which one did you just love the founder and their energy and the product? We saw four great ones, >> right? >> Which one? Customer conversations analyzing them. Crazia 3D printed stakes with Juju Juju Juju and then Japan Media AI tools for making magna at manga at a tenth of the cost or David from soon AI creating digital twins of founders who have left companies >> to bring them back from the grave. Which
one did you think has the most upside and you just thought wow this founder is going to just work really hard and make it happen? It's hard to pick and then also I have to uh disclose that Japan media Yuko was a textures company >> but I would uh go with uh uh uh Japan media still. >> I mean it it was for me the one I thought the founder had great energy and the product was awesome. Let's give her a big round of applause. I think it is the one that is the most the quickest path to having revenue, scaling revenue, and an obvious idea. We were just talking in the previous presentations about, oh, people are making Marvel characters. Wonder if that could be inside of Disney. And then here we go. Here's an AI tool for making manga. Yeah. And other things, uh, comic books, etc. And she's already made the tool. And she has no problem with >> that she's made a tool to do it. A lot of people who
are outside the industry or inside the industry are like, "We can't do that. We're not allowed to make that tool. We have to go with artists and this is sacriiggious." And she didn't have that concern, right? >> She's like, "Oh, more people get to make more interesting things. Here we go." And it's just another tool. And I believe that that is like the original criticism of uh CGI, computer graphics, was, "Oh, this isn't real." like the Disney artists were very upset about Pixar and it was like, well, Pixar makes really great content. It's still very creative, right? So, I really like your business. Um, and uh I like that you have different ways to monetize it. I think you got to get rid of the old business maybe >> and just be focused on this new tool in business and make it simpler to understand for investors how that marketplace actually makes money. >> Agreed. Agreed. >> Yeah, the market
is growing. Too much going on to understand what the real business is. Which one do you think will get customers and money? >> Customers and money. >> Crazier. Crazy. >> Yeah, that was mine as well. Explain why that's so obvious that they're going to get customers quickly. >> Why do you think that's >> why do I think so? Um, I mean, they already have the four enterprise customers. Uh, so they approved like, you know, initial pro market fit. Uh, so they just need to expand into what they have discovered through customers. Um, but I I think the this is sort of like a like a kind of easy play to sell. Uh, I'm not sure if it's going to scale to an expansional degree, but uh, in terms of customer finding an initial growth, I think, uh, crazy >> Japan media looks like it could scale to the moon, right? It could catch fire. Um, but it's going to take a little bit of time. And then Crazia looks like
you're going to really quickly get customers, but how big can it get? because it seems like such an obvious idea to study the chat room, right? Uh yeah, and then have the chat room, >> right? >> Uh give you ideas and then do customer surveys using AI. And it also feels like anybody could build it, right? So you're going to really have to make a very good product so that people don't roll their own because you could ask Claude to just make it for you, right? >> Yes. And so that is the challenge is like why are they going to buy it from you if they can make their own bespoke software? It's a really high benchmark for SAS products today. Uh all right. So I think we're both in alignment on that. And then you have to ask yourself, okay, the wild card. We always talk about wild cards when we're putting together a class. And we have two crazy wild cards here. One of them wants to make 3D printed
steaks. Yum yum. Uh with great marbilization. That's a crazy idea. Nobody's really made that work. and the other one wants to make digital clones so that when you buy stuff and there's actually a company bending spoons in Italy that's been buying up all these old assets and their core premise is the company had 200 people they get it down to 20 it had 20 people they get it down to four and they use AI to automate everything and make it profitable >> so they can take loans out to buy the products and if they interesting >> yeah so it's kind of interesting so which of those two do you like for your wild hard digital twin or 3D stakes. >> Uh digital twin. Okay. >> Uh I I have um actually angel invested in the cultivated meat company before and I think it's hard regulatory. Yeah. Um Hardles is really hard and then I think industry is not uh doing well >> in general. So regardless of their amazing
technology and whatnot, I >> Yeah. Even if they have the best thing, they have the biggest mountain to climb. I too went with the digital twin. That seemed like an easy one. Okay, let's give a big round of applause for our first group. They did great. And let's do four more. I'm Jacob from Roomite. Uh we are focused on AI server. Uh right now uh AI server has a big challenge as we know uh the AI chips gotten faster and faster. So moving the data between the chips is very limitation. So the fundamental PCB inside AI server is limiting the data of the data trans data transfer. So this is causing a few problem. Okay. At lumin light we developed a solution to data transferring of the ball of the PCB ball and direct at high speed uh create a new direct high speed pace between the GPU and GPU. Doing so we are able to increase the four time speed with our first generation product is on my hand right
now. This is not a TV cable. This is real product. and our second generation uh uh in can increase the speed over eight times uh will plan to the launch next year Q2. This is going to revolutionize the way the AI server are build the AI server of the tomorrow will not look like the same as the AI server today. Okay, with the direct of the B pace uh we can do this and maintain a clear signal with a 50% low signal loss than reverent PCP. This is a major not a simulate and we already have the customer engaged right now. We have a four customer engaged two in Taiwan, one in US. I cannot name the name. I'm sure you recognize the few player we are talking to. and we build and we measure and now we are going to win the platform and I'm franchising right now to get through our initial production line and able for the conclusion of a PC with a major server manufacturers at both tier one tier two level
we are getting a lot of interesting right now and are looking for the right investor that are willing to join our uh journey uh to build up the super fast AI infrastructure around the world. Thank you. >> Nice to meet you. I'm Me, co-ounder of We are building Genji. Genji is immersive experience platform service. Shopping has become very convenient. Uh but we lost something freedom of discovering feeling the real culture with their eyes and ears. Millions of overseas Japanese pop culture fans want to come to Japan and get item only available in Japan but cannot. Why? because travel time cost physical limitations. That's why we developed the Genji. Genji is platform service. So Genji lets you achieve your goals remotely through local worker acting on your behalf uh and sharing uh while sharing site hearing and touch. How to request is like Uber on a map. You can choose a specific location,
time, task and we will assign the local worker as your avatar. So then you can send me teleport there. This is happening in real time and you are in Japan. Now if you click the direction button you can move in that direction like this. If you click the screen you can close to the item. If you press the A button or Y button you can grab the item and you can purchase it. can so bring their personal immersive experience for you without physical trouble. Unique point first is platform service their response through hyon gaming UI system and the certified d payment approved. We already some some traction and global patents. This is a global partners. Our special team uh has a special technical skill and we all have mission to eliminate global inequality. We are seeking investor and strategic partner collaboration with uh for PC. So thank you very much. We create a world everyone can move freely
live authentically and get access to opportunity no matter where you are. Thank you very much. >> Wow. Very good. Holy cow. That is crazy. I want to do it. >> Hi everyone, I'm Shivangi and we're Tatwa Silicon. This is the problem we're solving. First cut analog circuit design takes months and it costs $10,000 for one circuit. We want to fix that. Shivraj is a senior analog circuit design engineer and he wants a first cut design of a 12- bit SAR ADC with 100 mega samples per second on 180 nanometers. So he types it in. Our agent confirms if all his specifications are correct and then he runs the design. He goes through his entire workflow starting with architecture, device sizing, math and trade-offs. He can also inspect all the waveforms and he gets a DRC report. He can go back and change the specifications, try 50 mega samples per second and a new architecture is instantly generated. He
can look at all the activity logs of the agent and he can ask how to understand the reasoning behind it just like talking to a senior colleague. This used to take more than three months before this and now it takes less than a day. We're already validating in three ways. We have a design pilot and they've already reached accuracy of 90%. We also have a procurement champion and silicon validation access. We're going to be charging for each user annually $15,000 to $150,000 and more for enterprises depending on this type of license. Our team consists of myself and experts from analog AI as well as enterprise security. We're Tata Silicon and we're cutting analog circuit design cycles from months to days. Thank you. >> All right. Very well done. Wow. So many great companies. >> Hello everyone. My name is Ana. I'm the founder of Mimi AI Japanese learning app. Meet Hope. She's used Duallingingo
for eight months and despite having full streaks, she still is unable to actually order at a restaurant. And that's the reality of Japanese learning these days. I get it. As a self-taught Japanese speaker myself of over 10 years, I've been sharing my learnings to nearly a million followers. And I've noticed a common uh problem. It's that most of these apps prioritize streaks over actual fluency. And the result is that 70% of foreign residents in Japan can't speak Japanese. And we're seeing a real societal friction. Mimi fixes this. Mimi. Mimi is an AI Japanese learning app that puts you into real situations like a convenience store or your first day at work. and actually goes through the conversations and talks to you, fixes your issues in real time so that you're able to actually speak Japanese with confidence. And just like that, Hope is actually able to speak Japanese and no app has achieved
this before. Uh our real customer uh has said that it's really been a practical solution for them to use as they're studying Japanese uh especially for output. Our business model is subscription. So we do $20 per month and for enterprise we do $100 per seat. So far, we have one customer, 30 users, and about $20 of revenue to date. And looking against our competitors, Mimi is truly the outstanding option, especially with the kinds of tools and study methods we have. Before creating Mimi, I validated this core idea by creating a beginner Japanese course and we've done about a thousand students and 100K in revenue. Uh, in order to achieve our users, uh, I will utilize my social media podcasts as well as focus on productled growth. So for revenue, we're expecting in the first year about a,000 MAU with about 240k in revenue and 24 million over the next three years. In order to achieve 100 million,
we would need about 225 MAU and 50 uh enterprise contracts. Our bottomup TAM is focused on the total Japanese learning market and that's about 960 million. And as a Japanese learner myself, I have the highest Japanese language certification and have led marketing at Amazon. And that was Mimi AI Japanese learning app. Thank you. >> All right. Well done. I have seen this pitch before and it gets better every time. Um I just have to say like sometimes I see a startup and I go wow that is just crazy and awesome and fun and that for me was uh Geni. Um the company is Toru Toru. But letting people watch a person walk around Akihabara and going to different stores is mind-blowing and then to buy it and then they put it in a box and send it to you is insane and fun. And there's a very famous um science fiction author William Gibson and he said the street finds its use for technology. Um and this is
an example of the street finding its use for streaming technology and e-commerce and location data and smartphones. And who knows when you say you can rent this person for $30 an hour to go shopping for you what people will have them do. I might actually have a person do this and just have them go eat the French toast I like and then send the video to my friend and say, "Go get this French toast." Or like I might have them go look for weird stuff in Akihabara on like the seventh floor and yeah, just for fun with my daughters and watch them run around town. And it's like almost like entertainment and it reminds me of the live streaming that we're seeing now in China that people are doing for shopping that's now they're trying to make it work at Amazon. But there's something very interesting here and I I I'm really intrigued by it. It's like a virtual task rabbit in another culture. And I could
see it working in France and New York and other places for rich people to go have people do weird things and buy stuff for them. It's insane and crazy and I like it. What did you like in this group of four? >> Uh yeah, I like that too. Uh the only thing I had about the company was um uh how they make money. They they say 120 90k uh revenue. >> You take 30% of uh the hourly fee. Is that how you make money? Revenue share. >> Revenue share with merchandise. >> Oh, with the merchandise, too. Oh, >> or I Yeah. >> Oh, that's interesting. Got it. So, you take 20% on top of the >> what's sold. Is that what you do? >> I think so. Yeah, I think so. >> Interesting. >> So, I'm Yeah, it's very like Japan uh like app or, you know, product, but I'm not sure if it works in the United States, for example. >> I'm not sure it does. >> You go through Walmart or Target and see something. >> Yeah. See the stuff
that came from China to Yeah. to America. Very strange. >> Yeah. >> And then I'd like if I can continue uh uh I like Remy lights, but I have quick question. Where are they made? Okay, understood. So, everything is made Taiwan. All parts procured in Taiwan. >> Okay, understood. >> Yeah, I mean I there's a lot of innovation happening with chips. Two of the four presentations here uh in this last group were doing chips and I um the last the second to last company Tativa Silicon, we got to rename it. Um that is something people are doing in the United States. People are ordering, you know, circuit boards and chips and making all kinds of bespoke hardware now thanks to the ability to build it in AI and then ship it and then people will make five boards and send it to you and sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't and if it doesn't work you take $100 in boards and throw it in the garbage and
then you order it again. It's incredible. The world is nuts right now. >> So physical AI. Yeah, definitely the So the validation I think is key. And then she mentioned 90% accuracy. So if it goes like about 95 99 I think it's yeah very promising. >> Well and just what will people be able to do? Like what won't people be able to do? Like you're going to be able to people are making there there's also companies in the United States now that are doing CAD. You can just send a CAD drawing and we'll send you something fabricated in aluminum or steel or whatever you're making. So you send them like somebody just made like a door for their dog to get in and out of their house and they just custom fabricated it. They made it in 3D and then it came to their house in parts and they put it together. >> Like the world's nuts right now, right, >> Yuki? It's crazy >> what's going on out here in these streets.
>> I like to know. >> You can just make anything. >> It's nuts. >> All right. You have a favorite in this group? Like if you were going to accept him into tech stars, you'd be like, "Okay, this makes a lot of sense." like or this is a crazy one that I'm gonna take a risk on one of my slots with because it's an outlier. What's your crazy outlier? What's your layup? Like a layup in basketball is like an easy shot. Which one is the easy get to revenue quickly? You know, has a good chance of getting further investment. And then which one's the crazy one? >> Crazy one is roomy light, I think. Uh I mean the hardware manufacturing is tough. uh uh but if they can build uh and they massproduce what they say they can uh I think it's a a gigantic uh uh company and a crazy idea. The other three I think it's pretty similar uh in my opinion uh Ana did a great job in presenting but if it's only Japanese
I think the market is probably too small so you do need to think you know how to expand into other languages. Yeah, I'm gonna go with Genshi as my crazy wild card and then um I would give it to Mimi, but uh since they went through Founder University, I shouldn't vote for you. So, I'm going to take you out and then I'm going to make my um one that I think is got a straight shot is Tat TV. I think like a lot of people are going to really want that. But I also really think Lights and a Chance to make some big money. >> So, I like it as like a big money play. like what if it works >> and then they they that a company like that will get bought very quickly in my experience. >> Right. Like they'll be like if if it's like a really good team and they made a really innovative product, Jensen or >> AMD is going to be like we need that team. We need that innovation. >> TSMC, somebody's going to just
snap it up. Yeah. >> At some point. >> Yeah. >> Um >> both are Taiwanese too. So yeah. >> Exactly. Yeah. both Taiwanese entrepreneurs.