Adamus has led to an explosion in CPU related stocks and boy there are a lot of opportunities in the stock market more so than just Meta Stock and AMD which absolutely crushed today. Uh today you've got AMD up 9.95% officially a 1 trillion market cap. We had a call on this stock when it was at $452 and told course members, folks, this puppy's about to bounce off this line. Juicy. Did not expect it to go this high this fast. So, that's what happens with the market. The market can move fast. You got six figures almost multiple probably multiple figures at this point of exposure to Meta. Uh you've got a delicious bounce off of the legendary 544 line and a breakout on the downtrend here. Glorious move on Meta up 11.4%. And so a lot of folks are wondering what other stocks are there and is it too late? Uh well in this segment we're going to go through other stock opportunities and we're going
to look at exactly what's going on. So, the first thing that you've got to know is all of this AI chatbot stuff in my opinion is an opportunity for advertisers. And I'm just pulling up the app store right now because what I find when I open up the app store uh is I tend to find ads for Metam Muse and they continue to pop up for me. What I think is advertising is a critical place to get exposure for these apps, all this sort of AI competition. Now, that's going to be a small component of what we touch on in this video, but something you have to watch for is the more agents browse products for you, the less human eyeballs are on them. So whether it's Door Dash or Wingstop or some form of even Amazon Shop Store, which is exactly why Amazon is now banning the Metam Muse app from crawling their website, you actually have fewer humans looking at those websites and therefore you drive up the value
of advertisements in app stores where humans are actually going to go download things, which is a benefit to Apple or a benefit to Google for where people are watching entertaining content, whether it's Netflix, entertainment content, whether it's Netflix, uh, or it's YouTube. For some reason, I can't get the app store open right now. I keep getting the stupid, uh, it's classic Apple. I type in app to get to get my apps to come up and I I only get Google Apple, but it's or the, uh, the Apple store to go buy the iPhone Duo. I think it's a sign, but it doesn't matter. I am finding that a lot of these apps are competing with each other for ads space. So, you're seeing Metamus's advertising inside of the app store. You're seeing GPT advertise in there. And what's happening? Oh, there we go. What's happening is you have this competition to get users. You've even got Gemini now advertising. They're
all advertising. So, you open up the app store today, Google Gemini running apps. Earlier that was Metamuse. They're cycling through them. Chat GPT is in there. If you go to the top free now uh and you go to the top uh essential apps under the free category, you'll find that MetaMuse is now at the top on the free chart which has blown past chat GPT at now number two. And then you've got prediction markets at four and five. You don't actually see Gemini until 8. You don't even see Claude from Anthropic until all the way down here at number 16, which is insane. Instagram is at 18. Metamuse made it to one. Now, part of the reason I bring up advertisers is because it's not just ads that they're running on these platforms, whether it's the app stores or otherwise. They're also running billboards. They're buying influencer campaign spots. These apps are competing to get as many users hooked into
the platform as possible. I actually think or as many users as possible. And I actually think that's going to be a boon for advertisers and advertising stocks. is actually one of the reasons that I bought Meta because I thought, okay, well, Meta Stock is not only an advertiser paying for their AI development, but they are also a beneficiary of the GPUs that they're buying, the over 4 gawatts of compute they have. The value of those GPUs has only gone up. And they're a beneficiary of AI productivity, which their Muse launch is incredible. And we don't even have the watermelon release yet, which is expected next month for their Frontier language model, their Frontier LLM. So, what other stocks could benefit? Well, outside of these that we've just mentioned, I think advertisers have an opportunity. Whether it's Google or it's something like an app loving, Netflix, I think those have opportunities
as well. though let's go a little bit more clear and indepth into like AMD and Intel themselves plus some others in the actual hardware space. So, first you got to know when you're advertising these agents, they're a little different from GPUs uh and chat bots. Usually, when we think GPUs, we're thinking training and uh uh responding to larger context sets with chat bots uh and operating, how should we put it, uh at the frontier. So, our latest Reuben chip, for example, is massively 10xing bandwidth capabilities over and above the hardware capabilities of something like an H100 chip that uh Nvidia used to operate. And LLMs have been trying to buy as many GPUs as they can get their hands on. But there are a lot of processes that operate really efficiently in artificial intelligence on CPUs. One of those happens to be an agentic workload and that's essentially what Metamuse is. So that's why
now you've got a lot of folks running to CPU stocks instead of GPUs. Now we operate a bunch of CPUbased machines for the AI that we operate over at Reinvest. So as a startup, we've been seeing the writing on the wall for many months. Since about March, we've been seeing this transition to more and more CPUs, which is exactly why Nvidia got into the play. And a lot of people forget that Nvidia, while it's our core sort of GPU play, Nvidia is expecting to blow up their CPU competition for a pure play or more pure play like AMD. Although AMD also provides GPUs. Let's talk about some of the numbers here. So Nvidia is projecting $20 billion of CPU demand in calendar year 2026 alone. 20 billion of just CPU demand alone would rival right now about three quarters of gross profit that AMD actually makes already. So it's kind of interesting, but a lot of people don't look at Nvidia as a CPU play. And
I think that's why in part Nvidia is lagging a little bit. Take a look at this. Nvidia just today recaptured the 727 line, which is great. We called that out this morning on our alpha report. We also called out Meta breaking through uh to breaking up to 700 this week and it went all the way up to 741, which blew my mind. I was looking for 700. We wrote that down. We actually made a coupon code in honor of this called Metaballs that's only going to last for 12 hours. Actually, now it's probably more like 10 hours. We're expiring it tonight and we're officially doing our $900 price increase. But these were the calls we made this morning in the alpha report. Peak fear was 2 weeks ago. If 725 holds and Nvidia holds 720, so 725 on the Q's hold and Nvidia holds uh 720, we are going up. We'll be back at 735 soon. We nailed it. We blew through to 741 on the Q's, which was remarkable. We had our durability
test on Friday. We had meta. We called for 700. Even though on Friday, and I even said it Friday on a public video, I'm like, man, it's at 666 and I have a price target of 700 by next Friday. Dude, it's at 741 on Monday. I'm like, dang, this is freaking crazy. Uh, we did make the observation that Hood was testing the 127 line. Uh, this wasn't a play I was really looking at, but I did mention it, so I put it in here as a miss. And then our next two that we're really looking at are bullish buying the dip between now and midterms and then I think we'll hit all-time highs by Black Friday. We're actually only 1% now from all-time highs. So I feel like this is already a little bit dated, but like we were rightfully optimistic here and I'd love for you to be part of the alpha membership, but you could join over at meetke.com. Would love to see you there. We've got a lot to talk about tomorrow morning
in our alpha report in addition to the analysis that we do. But look at some of this analysis. So, if Nvidia is forecasting uh how should I put it, $20 billion of CPU compute sales by the end of 2026. It's worth noting that the total sales that AMD has in 3 months set at about 11.5. So Nvidia is looking at doing about 6 months worth of AMD sales on a sector they basically had zero revenue at a year ago which actually makes AMD or sorry makes Nvidia a real competitor to AMD in the CPU space. Now I'm not trying to bag on AMD. I think there's still opportunity in AMD. I mean just think about even the benchmarks alone their Helios system you're looking at versus the re Vera Rubin 50% more high bandwidth memory 50% more scaleout bandwidth and about 10 to 15% more tokens per second so the Helios rack has been a great product versus Vera Rubin especially since people are wanting these CPUs right
now so they've got a really good quality product and on some benchmarks AMD does actually beat Nvidia GPUs. The Vera portion of the Vera Rubin, their epic Turin Fifth generation chip is right now projected to get to about 50% of all CPU TAM, total addressable market in data centers. And that's why people are going nuts here because this is an x86 product, which means you're not paying the ARM licensing fees. ARM stock was up quite a bit today because you have companies like Apple, another beneficiary of the CPU movement. By the way, remember OpenAI bought tens of thousands of Apple and Mac Studios and Mac minis for a gentic artificial intelligence as OpenAI bought those from Apple and ARM licenses the uh architecture on which these CPUs are programmed. So, their stock was actually up 17% today. Not a lot of people actually talking about ARM relative to AMD. AMD sits at about a $344 billion
market cap, but also a competitor. The more you get Nvidia and Apple taking off on CPU competition for AMD. So AMD is doing x86, that's your Intel style, Intel Corporation was up like 14% today, ended up 12%. So AMD, think x86 and Intel. Apple as a CPU play, think ARM chips. And then of course think Apple itself also a beneficiary of advertisers on the app store. Nvidia coming in to try to get some access to this TAM as well because they see the writing on the wall to move towards agentic artificial intelligence opportunities. Now their target is to get to 50% CPU by 2030. Again right now they're a little bit lower than that. They're in the high30s. They're expecting to grow revenue remarkably though. You got 72% revenue growth projected at AMD between now and next year. And they'll get to 88 billion of revenue for the entire year is the projection. If you compare $88 billion for the entire
year to just the revenue that Nvidia makes from data centers, Nvidia makes an entire AMD in revenue in one quarter. So it's worth knowing the comparison of the players. Now, Nvidia is five times the size per market cap compared to AMD. We'll have some more comparisons between them, but this is why people think if the next frontier is CPUs and Nvidia is a $5 trillion company, what's stopping AMD from being able to rise as well. And Nvidia sees this writing on the wall, hence why they're also getting into CPUs, which is why Nvidia is also a CPU player to consider. So, you've got AMD, Intel, you've got ARM, Apple, obviously Meta, which is driving this insanity today. And then Nvidia, what else do we have? And then we'll go through some more of these numbers so you could get a little bit more perspective. I just don't want to get too lost in the weeds of numbers because sometimes numbers get
a little boring. But let's consider for a moment who else you have to consider. Obviously, Intel. We talked about them, but why do we care about Intel? Because Intel is projected to double their CPU sales between 26 to 27, potentially frankly both years. Their data center and AI revenue in the second quarter of 2026 was already up 59% from a year ago. And that was only on 9% more units, which is crazy. So you delivered 9% more CPUs, but your pricing is up to make up the difference 48%. That's pricing power. So, Intel is seeing pricing power as well. So, not only are they a manufacturer, but they're also a chip designer manufacturing their own CPUs. So, it's a big win for Intel as well. And of course, we're super supply constrainted at all ends. And this is where Nvidia actually has a little bit of an advantage. Uh, and so I I don't want to talk too much about Nvidia here. I've got exposure
to a lot of the different stocks we're mentioning here, so I'm not short on anything. I'm pretty bullish right now. I just want to be clear like, you know, I try to put my biases out there. I've I've got exposure to this kind of stuff, okay? But I want you to see the commitments or or the commitment differences between these companies because I think it's important. AMD has commitments between now and the end like 2031 and after. Most of the commitments are up front here. AMD has commitments of about $30 billion. that those are commitments for they say right here to purchase wafers, substrates, and components from third parties. You need components to actually make CPUs, you you got to have the input supply, right? So, they've got their hands on about $30 billion of commitments. Nvidia, though, has $334 billion in commitments in roughly the same time, in the same time frame. So this means
Nvidia has 11x the supply on lock and they're 5x the company. Again, I think this is where you could see this is not this is not going to be a single horse race. This is going to be a multi-seor race where they are grabbing as much supply as they can for both CPUs and GPUs. In fairness for Nvidia, a lot of this is going to be part of memory. A lot of this is also going to be part of their GPU business. But memory is very important. I mean, if I pull up memory expectations right now, I've got a screenshot right here uh for just pricing. Uh oh, this is actually on CPUs. This is CPU pricing. Intel CEO CEO highlights a severe supply shortage in server CPUs with Intel's existing capacity fulfilling only 50% of actual customer demand. According to reports, Intel will raise PC CPU prices by about 10%. and expect even more of a price increase for data center ones. The reason there's a difference
there is these are different lines, different qualities of products. The CPU market for PCs relatively weak. Gaming is actually in decline at most of the manufacturing uh or designers and manufacturers including Nvidia. But what's rocketing are data centers. So, the fact that Intel is raising pricing on consumer CPUs is actually surprising, but it just shows you how severe the shortage is. Anyway, DRAM prices aren't really expected to peak until late next year. So, memory prices are still going up. This is why you have AMD and Nvidia jumping on this bandwagon of trying to secure as much compute as they can now. And when I say compute, in this case, I mean DRAM and components to secure their compute output. But Nvidia is doing it. You know, they're they're getting twice as much size adjusted as AMD is probably because they have more of a capacity to pay and and they're able to write bigger
checks essentially. I do think that's an interesting comparison where I also think it's interesting to look at the uh actual income statement of the two companies just so you could see the margin and the margin growth that's occurring. AMD's margins have skyrocketed. We've gone from 36 or sorry 39.8% margins to 53.7%. That's really good. But it's worth noting Nvidia is sitting at 75% gross. And AMD just came out of a loss with a 17.2% net. Nvidia is bringing to their bottom line 63%. So the numbers are like massively different. Operating income in three months at AMD was just $2 billion. If I go to the income statement and I look at operating income for Nvidia, you are sitting at $63 billion. That's 30x the operating income in a quarter over at Nvidia. And and I say this not to say like, oh, Nvidia is better. I'm saying this is why the market thinks there's so much upside for AMD. But in
doing so, I feel I do feel like Nvidia is also getting a little bit left behind. like it hasn't been part of the party. Nvidia's valuation is dirt cheap right now. You're talking about a valuation that is a fraction uh of AMD's valuation. AMD right now at at the price it just ran to is trading for about a 1.5 to 1.6 peg ratio. Nvidia is trading at about a one or about a.7. So you are more than two times as expensive at AMD right now as you are at Nvidia. Is it possible then that either Nvidia catches up or AMD slows down? Maybe. I'm not calling for that. Like I wouldn't place a short bet on it. Uh and the reason is we're getting a little overbought. And like the reason that could be desirable is we're getting overbought. I'm not saying it's time to sell it. I I'm not going to short it. But if you look on the day chart, you are well overbought on a AMD right now at almost 73 on the relative
strength index. And on a weekly basis, you just crossed 70 to 70.1. So, a little extreme. And if you compare that to Nvidia, I haven't done this yet. Let's go take a look at it. Nvidia's mid-range on the week at about 59 and about 58 on the day. So, you can kind of see on a relative strength basis how Nvidia is getting left behind. What's really been running has been AMD and like Dell. Okay, Dell mostly for that onprem CPU and GPU deployment. Pretty impressive. Okay, let's keep going here. So, uh, going back to Intel for a moment since we're jumping around here. Data center customers are going nuts for CPUs in part because of Agentic AI. We know that Capex is exploding at Intel just like it is at almost all of the infrastructure plays. Whether you're looking at Meta, who still has 15 billion of free cash flow, which is actually remarkable that they still have that. Uh, but Intel is like your
expensive manufacturing buildout where you're taking all the money you're making and you're throwing it into building out this manufacturing process. AMD doesn't have to do that because AMD can manufacture with Intel or Taiwan Semi. And the benefit of this is AMD is almost certainly always going to be a higher margin play than Intel. Something to think about. It's not bagging on Intel. That's just a comparison. ARM is though also pretty dang high margin because ARM is probably going to get to somewhere around 17 to 18% of total CPU TAM and I think they're going to grow that to 40 to 50% and you'll be like one in one in competition with AMD for uh x86 architectures because ARM is going to be the product of choice likely to stay this way for Apple and Nvidia and they are coming for the CPU market. Everybody knows there's so much money to be made in CPUs, so the competition is coming. The pure
play in fairness right now, AMD and Intel, and I think that's why they've done so freaking well right now. Uh, regarding partnerships though, and this I think is very interesting. Well, you've got Apple and Nvidia with ARM. Google's doing a chip. Uh, Axion with ARM. You've got AWS Graviton. You've got Microsoft Cobalt. All of those are ARMbased. You've also uh uh got ARM partnering with Broadcom and Qualcomm. They're partnering all over the place. AMD does also have some upside partnerships. Take a look at this. AMD offered call options known on a company to company basis as Warrants to Meta and OpenAI. So, this means Meta on the skyrocketing of AMD shares is probably now going to have to recognize a profit on their call options on uh AMD, which allow them to buy AMD at one penny per share. And they get to exercise that anytime between October uh and between now and October 5th, 2030 for
OpenAI and now through February 23rd, 2031 for Meta. So you do have Lisa Sue going out to companies like Meta and OpenAI saying, "Hey, can you guys go buy six gigawatts worth of our chips in exchange? We are going to give you shares." that is dilutive but in fairness it's just a different form of circular financing compared to what Nvidia does which is investing directly into companies the extra cash flow that they have which they have much more than AMD to give uh and then creating demand as a result of that look over here this is the cash flow statement for Nvidia cash flow statement on Nvidia if I look at right here purchases of equity and debt securities they have literally bought $42 billion worth of other people's equity or 40 or $21 billion of other people's debt in literally six months ending July 20th. Their cash flow is $70 billion of free cash flow. AMD can't pull that off. Like
they just they just don't have those assets. If you look at their free cash flow, they're at $4 billion in six months. That is Nvidia's 17.5 times richer on cash flow. So instead, AMD is like, "We'll just take our clothes off. We'll just give you some of our shares instead. So, you know, we can't do a service for you. We'll just take our clothes. We'll give it to you in a different way, basically." Okay, that's fine. AMD doesn't have the margins that Nvidia does, but it's trying to get there. That's the whole point. Again, we already went through these margins right here. 62% net compared to 17% at AMD. That's the growth side. People think Nvidia is basically topped on margins and topped on, you know, how much they can access. But people forget that Nvidia has this whole CPU business that's starting from zero coming to compete with AMD. Remember, 20 billion of CPU sales from Nvidia are expected
in sort of a full stack sale where even if we double data center sales right now, we go over here and let's say we double and annualize this. So let's take data center in a quarter of 6.6. 7. Let's go 6.7 * 4. That's 26.8 billion. And then let's just double it. Okay, let's just be really generous. That would be 53 billion of CPU sales in 2027. Nvidia is expecting to sell 20 billion in 2026. Let's say they grow that by 50%. That would be 30 billion. AMD is actually got or AMD actually has competition coming right up their butt for those CPUs and it's Jensen. He doesn't want to be out outbeat by Lisa and I get, you know, they're related, which is even the craziest part. But it's it's like a neck andneck horse race. It's really entertaining to see this, but AMD is going to be a big beneficiary of of increasing margins. And you actually see that comment right here. Look at this. uh AMD Instinct
which is their GPU product was recorded in the prior year uh or or a greater mix of those which led to uh higher data center revenue and therefore a favorable product mix for margins in English their margins went up because of these products like more data center sales duh you're going to make more selling to data centers than you are selling to consumers duh now again like this is the kind of analysis by the way that we try to do in the alpha membership if not part of it yet, remember, go to meet Kevin.com and join us. You get all nine courses. You get the alpha report every single day. People are leaving comments in the chat going, "The alpha membership paid for itself in like one trade." Obviously, I can't guarantee or vet that, but that sounds really cool. Uh these are just some of the calls that we made in the alpha report today. Uh you know, backing off of also all the calls that we
made on Friday. And so we are going to um uh throw a $900 price increase in net uh into the alpha membership. So you may as well get in today before midnight. Uh and that's coupon code meta balls if you go to meetc.com. We were changing the price and then we look at Meta Stock. We're like I don't know. Should we do a flash sale? So we're doing a flash sale on it. It's a win for you. It's a win for us. It's a win for Reinvest. Everybody wins. You know how bad is that? Okay. Let's keep looking at this. AMD has also acquired a company called ZT Group that helps enable more generalpurpose compute infrastructure for hyperscaling computing companies. In English, yo, we are increasing our sex appeal for them data centers cuz the margins is good, dog. It doesn't have to just be one winner here. This is a big W for AMD. I get a little concern like I don't I have to be transparent. I would not add
to AMD at this place. It could keep going. It just right now it feels a little toasty and a little euphoric. I think there are other opportunities. There are a bunch of them whether it's Apple. Apple's a little pricey. You can look at some of the ASIC manufacturers or I should say designers because most of them use um what's it called? Uh TSM to manufacture one that I do not own this. Okay. I do not own this one I'm about to show you. So I'm not I I I think it's important to share your bias. I I think most people don't do that enough. I I the last thing I want somebody to do is think, "Oh, Kevin's talking his book or whatever." I all my stocks could go to zero, it doesn't matter. Now, if all my real estate goes to zero, I'd cry, but I don't think that's going to happen. I think we bought real estate in really good places. Uh but anyway, Broadcom, dude, it it is right on the 355 line. It's
recaptured 355, but this is the next boomer right here in my opinion. This is the ne you really want to pay attention to this. Cerebrus I also think has hit a floor. I don't own Broadcom. I've got exposure to Cerebrus. Not a lot, a little bit. You know, you sort of DCA into that one. I think that one became a buy under about 250. So 250 and below. I think Cerebrus is a buy. I don't think it's going to stay there long. Robotics, that's the next place. Forget about agents for a moment. Robotics, you want Cerebrus and you want Nvidia. Those are your big robotics plays. And there are many more. We've got them in the research tab of the stock app that other companies that benefit from robotics. But those are two really juicy plays. Okay, what else do we have? So, uh, let's be clear about this. Muse is going parabolic. It launched on September 8th. It's been like two weeks that this has been out
and so it's doing really well. It's sending emails for people, booking travel. I haven't tried the desktop app yet, but apparently it's also got a desktop app. I've only been using the uh mobile app. That's pretty good. advertisers here when we talked about that uh we made a call on Meta on August 28th that this stock was about to skyrocket and it did. We made that call when it was at about $566. I mean you could just look you go look at my video type into YouTube meet Kevin Meta stock is about to skyrocket and watch the video August 28th a lot of detail over here. It was right there. It wasn't like a particularly juicy day or whatever. I mean, the stock moved 027 that day. You know, two days later it was down. Whatever. But, uh, but the skyrocket still clearly came. This still has opportunities. We're talking so much about AMD and Nvidia, and I don't want people to forget that Meta, in my
opinion, is still dirt cheap. The next stop here is 8.26. We did make a temporary line over here at 7:32, but we did smoke that line already today. I don't even think we stopped at that line. Yeah. So, so far that line is a failure. We drew that today as like a maybe. No, so far that one's looking bad. Uh 735 on QQQ was another one that we absolutely smashed today. And we did at least get a generous pit stop at my line. It's another gray line, so it's not perfect, but we got a generous stop right there. But 700 was glorious. Should upgrade that line. That one was great. We bought the dip on 700 and sent a buy alert to everybody on that one, too. Uh, what else do we need to know? So, Muse for Mac, uh, and a bunch of third party Oh, did Muse for Mac came out today? Hold on. There's a note here that Muse for Mac came out today. That might be why I haven't gotten my hands on it yet. Meta's Muse
hits Mac. Ah, three days ago. Ah, okay. So, that's why I haven't seen it yet. Okay. Desktop app came out. Anyway, to me, this is an $1,800 stock. There's so much money in uh Meta. So, I've got Meta at basically an $1,800 price target. Uh if I go look at, let's do AMD and some of these other plays right now. Uh Nvidia, I'm looking at over 600 bucks for that stock when and yes, that will make it probably the first 10 trillion company. And frankly, it deserves it. If I look up AMD, we are at 747, which means right now we are trading for uh 82 times and then the growth rate is this is the current projection divided by 4 55 82 divid divided by 55. Yeah, it puts me about 1.5 times. That's what we were saying earlier. That still gives it upside though. Its margins are nowhere near as good as Nvidia, so you do have to give it a little bit of a lower upside uh on a PEG ratio basis, but this would
still justify about a $944 stock. So, you can see a lot of stocks like an Nvidia I think has has doubled. I think Meta's got an easy double in it. To me, AMD actually still has 50% up on it. Oh, it's just got a lot of momentum right now. Okay, that clarifies those price targets. I know some folks had questions about that. Uh let's take a look here at uh oh yeah, another thing. AMD Venice, which is one of their latest products, is expected to deliver 2.8x more agents per watt than Vera. Now, in fairness, we're comparing a newer to an older, so there's still some work to do, although Vera is still a relatively new chip for Nvidia. But this is this is the horse race aspect. We talked about Helios, so the rack system. Nvidia probably wins on full rack system. And there's such a shortage that they honestly they all win though, so it doesn't matter. Talked about Intel. We talked about ARM. We talked
about the $20 billion guide on CPUs from Nvidia, which is bullish. Just remember the growth rates are probably going to look higher at Nvidia because they're coming off of a zero base. So you're coming off like infinite growth basically. And now Jensen's coming out saying, "Yeah, the 70% growth we were expecting for the whole business as a whole is probably going to end up being a double." Originally there was a supply constraint issue. Uh the other thing I've talked a lot about this regarding memory as well. Current GPUs are getting so efficient at processing bandwidth that they don't need as much high bandwidth memory. But but but but but there is something to be said about a gentic AI that is actually different. So we got to touch on this. This is important. Okay. So we're going to draw this out together. Let's say you have I'm just going to I'm just going to use the Blackwell 6000 just
because I know it has 96 gigabytes. I think the Reuben uh Rubin's like 228, isn't it? Whatever. I'll just use that. Let's go call it 228 gigabytes of RAM. Okay, I might be off by a few gigabytes there, but let's say we have 228 gigabytes of RAM on a Reuben chip. For an LLM, you might only need to actually run a Frontier LLM. You might only need this portion right here. So, we'll call this the Frontier LLM loaded. Okay. Uh now the thing that makes AI hallucinate less is having context. Okay, context goes right here. Okay, so this is the model. This is the model portion of your uh VRAMm. This is your contextual portion. Most text change text chains today are not really hitting a memory wall anymore. Uh so what happens is you're you're kind of filling up like maybe this which means you actually have a lot of what's called stranded RAM. You're just not using this section. So now there's something
especially important for agent to compute which is actually bullish for memory is you come in and say all right well we're not going to let all of this be stranded since we've already loaded the model layer and we can accomplish this with one set of agent to compute what can we now do when we have all this extra headroom which is actually bullish for high bandwidth memory like your skinex's or your micron we can run what's called parallel processing and we could go in here and say this will be agent, you know, if this is agent one, this could be agent 2, agent three, agent four, agent five. And so now they're all running that LLM model that has been loaded, but we are actually doing and running five different uh contextual outputs at the same time. So, your chat could be here, Kevin's chat could be here, your mom's chat could be here, your daddy's chat could be here, and your coupon code
chat could be right here. Okay? So, you could get five different agents running on these these, you know, higher RAM chips. And so just because there is this fear of stranded compute uh which is true on the frontier training side, it's worth having this offsetting argument that a gentic AI can actually help you make use of that stranded RAM which then helps lead to more enthusiasm about DRAM prices going up. DRAM prices are up like 95% in Q126, right? They're projected to go up. H it's going to slow down. They're probably going to peak out on pricing growth by the end of 27 because you're getting a lot more supply coming online. DRAM does end up being a commodity. But I mean in fairness, all three of the DRAM makers are sold out of high bandwidth memory. And SKH Highix's I think comes online last in like 2028 or 2029. So you've got a lot of work to do. So there's there's still time for the
memory plays as well. So that is another beneficiary of the AI stack for uh for agents. So think about for a moment all of these opportunities for making money on agentic AI when we're really like how many people do you know are using agents? It's probably a fraction of the people who could be. So I think we're really early on this phase. We're early for Meta. We're still early for AMD though I think it's overbought in the short term. early for Nvidia, which is crazy to say because it's a $5 billion dollar company, which means it's early for Intel, it's early for ARM. Uh it's the memory stocks I'm a little bit more torn on. I could see the argument for it. I'm a little bit more torn on memory. Uh and uh and it's early for the advertisers, the advert. I mean, people everybody's going to end up having Grockbot and all this stuff. I actually think that's why SpaceX I think was down like a percent
today because Meta did so well. You know, people are like, "Oh, everybody's going to Metamuse. That must be bad for uh for SpaceX. It's a horse race. It doesn't really matter." You know, the ultimate winner is the ones selling the chipsets. I feel like uh and and that seems to be AMD and Nvidia at the moment, but this is pretty incredible. So, uh this is not a boom that is near end cycle. I know some people like, "But Kevin, you made a video that said two paths to recession." I did. And in it, I said, I'm buying the dip because there are no signs of the two path to recession, two paths to recession, but we should be aware of the two paths to recession so we can be watchful and know when things U-turn. That's the big red flag. So, join me over at meetke.com. Use that coupon code metaballs. One more thing I'm going to note. I just want to thank you all for being here. I mean, I don't know who
makes it to the end of like a long yap on uh AMD and and agents. If you made it, you'll have to leave a comment. But thank you so much for being here and supporting. Over the last month, we've been cranking out way more content. I've been having more fun than ever posting to YouTube. Our views are almost triple what what they were. Our impressions are triple. Our views are more than double heading towards triple uh what they have been in the past. And so uh we're doing great. You know, it's helping it's helping the startup grow. Uh it's helping the channel grow. And I'm having a lot of fun providing this insight and information. And it's also, I think, making our alpha report better by the day. Uh, just the more involved we are, the more we're seeing out there and the more we're able to incorporate into uh the calls that we're making. Obviously, can't be perfect. Not always perfect, but I
think so far we are we are crushing uh uh the W's. Uh so, I'm I'm really excited about that and I hope you're able to benefit from those. And so, as always, I'll fall on the sword for you so you can go make money. Oh man, your poor Kevin just lost lots of money. Oh, but that's okay. I am with you. With you. Oh man, your poor Kevin just lost lots of money. Oh, that's okay. I am with you. Here we go. Come on. Push it. Buy the dip. Buy the dip. Here we go. Why not advertise these things that you told us here? I feel like nobody else knows about this. >> We'll we'll try a little advertising and see how it goes. >> Congratulations, man. You have done so much. People love you. People look up to >> Kevin Praath there, financial analyst and YouTuber. Meet Kevin. Always great to get your take.