Good morning everyone. Steph, nice to see you. >> You too. >> I want to get your thoughts on the market here. We're at a pretty critical juncture heading into midterms and the stock market is right at record highs. Bond yields are also at 20-year highs. If we zoom out, what's your big picture view right now on how the market is doing? >> I mean, it's handling everything pretty well. Uh if you look at uh the things that I when I Actually, one of the uh hoodies like Colin just walked in. Uh he and I were talking about like the VIX is continues to sit at a very low level and there was a period of time where you looked at the equity VIX, which looks uh volatility of the single names and that was high where the kind of holistic version, the regular VIX was low and I'm like, well, that kind of makes sense cuz there's a lot of stuff going on under the surface, but now everything is low and that's
the part that I don't I I don't really understand given what you said, which is bond yields are in a bull market. Uh bond prices are in a bear market. You've got oil prices at high numbers over 100 today. Diesel prices are at all-time highs. Um and those are the things that start to make me nervous because we saw the PMI the other day where it showed uh prices for the people the companies that make things are very high, whereas like the consumer prices haven't caught up yet and what does that mean for either margins or for future consumer prices? Um so, I'm I'm a little I'm a little worried because earnings expectations are not low. >> Does that combination, the macro backdrop, the very high earnings expectations, is that something you think investors should be hedging against or do you think we just go long anyway? >> I think for the entire year when you look at the market, the best hedge
has been actually investing in the energy sector, which is one of only the two sectors this year that are outperforming the S&P, and I actually don't think that necessarily goes away. Um, but when you mention the midterms, that to me is kind of a a dark horse of what could determine the future. And I say that because if it's a kind of more split government going forward, does less get done? Does you know, spending on defense kind of get go down and that we end up not having a continued conflict and oil prices drop and things kind of improve from there. >> So, one of the more interesting things about the midterms coming up, I believe I saw a stat that said the 6 months after a midterm election are the strongest in the four-year presidential cycle. So, I'm wondering if even if we get volatility heading into the midterms, uncertainty politically, uncertainty geopolitically, maybe we should just
not be so clever about it, get into the market anyway because the next 6 months are the best in in the four-year cycle. >> I mean, anytime like knowledge is reduces volatility, right? Like information reduces volatility. Um, uncertainty does the opposite. So, I think that that part of it will still be true no matter what. I just I still like worry about the cost of things and what that how that flows through the economy. >> You mean inflation as a bearish headwind? >> Yeah. I I mean, I just think energy prices feed into almost everything. And and it used to be that it didn't really feed into tech, but now I feel like it even feeds into tech. Um, and that's the only place we have growth, like true growth this year. And so, if that growth at all falters, that's that's my nervousness is that everyone already thinks there'll be growth there. >> Okay, let let me ask you about uh the breadth story.
Equal weight was outperforming most of this year, and then only a few weeks ago it started lagging the market cap weighted S&P 500. That generally can be seen as a narrowing of the market. Is that something that concerns you right now? Is it bad that the companies with the strongest earnings are sort of propping up the market? >> I have kind of two thoughts on it. One is that like yes, it's concerning because I prefer to have a lot of breath. Um and but on the other hand because you like you said, up until then it had actually been a pretty broad market. Maybe it was just time to catch up. Like I do think that expectations ebb and flow and even I had said since last year like there's more to life than the Mag 7. And at some point that you know, everything else kind of catches up to expectations. Like when we talked about uh yesterday when we we uh announced things about mention markets, like
you can have a earnings uh quarter that's really, really strong, but the stock sells off because it didn't beat high expectations. And I think that's what ends up starting to happen is that you kind of you lower your expectations of the Mag 7 and then they do a bit better than than everyone thought and then catches up. >> Is there something of a expectations bubble right now where even though the fundamental story can be solid, a lot of these AI companies are making a lot of money, but analysts, Wall Street is so high conviction that maybe their hopes and expectations make the stocks underperform. >> Yeah, I mean that's that's I guess what I'm worried about in that when you look at like 2026 and we're almost done with 2026. But that's, you know, over 30% earnings expectations and they've continued to meet that. Um but you know, what point can is that like one question I have is is that a
lot of demand from the future that's been pulled forward because of concerns around future tariffs, concerns around how energy prices impact that, concerns around like even shipping. Um you know, shipping costs have been rising. You know, is it like let's get all this stuff in now before the price goes up and we have to raise our prices or give up our margins. That's what I worry about. But actually 2027 earnings expectations are 14% which is like half of 2026. That is a little more reasonable but still high relative to history. Um and so that's why I get I do get worried. But I I also think you have to look at it on a stock-by-stock and sector-by-sector basis. >> We talk about the AI race all the time on this show and everyone has a different take on whether OpenAI, Anthropic, Google, Meta, or even SpaceX AI is in the lead. Whatever your favorite AI lab is, there is a way to invest in it
through Harbor Capital Advisors AI Labs Ecosystem ETF Suite. These ETFs allow you to invest in the ecosystem behind the AI lab you believe in most. Search Harbor AI Labs ETFs wherever you invest or [music] follow Harbor Capital on X to learn more. Visit harborcapital.com for a prospectus containing investment objectives, risks, [music] fees, expenses, and other important information. Read and consider it carefully before investing. Risks include principal loss and artificial intelligence-related risks. Harbor ETFs are distributed by Foreside Fund Services LLC. Harbor is not affiliated with Full Signal and the funds are not affiliated with, sponsored by, or endorsed by any AI lab. >> How does the bond story fit into this? I think yesterday we saw the 10-year yield hit 5.2% which is the highest what's 2004? I think maybe 2005. Is that something that we as investors should be trying to position
against? Should we getting out of the market, getting into bonds? How are you thinking about this? >> I have heard people uh talking about like, oh, it's a good time to buy bonds because if >> It's pretty good >> if we have slow growth like you know, bond yield should come down and should make a lot of money cuz there's a convexity uh in bonds where at some point like you stop losing as much and the probability switches in your favor. I'm personally not there yet. Um I think the forces that are driving bond yields higher, which is a combination of higher inflation from higher energy prices, you know, a lot of supply of debt um and a kind of different a different kind of demand from the other side. Like the players who normally buy bonds aren't buying as many. Um and so it used to be right that other countries would buy our treasuries even on the long end. They're still doing it on the short
end, but now on the long end it's a much more pension plans, insurance companies, um and I'm talking about government debt. Uh and that means that they're a little more discerning cuz they have to care about yields. When you combine that with the fact that corporate the net new issuance this year is 3 trillion, which is more than the government. There's a lot of competition to take up the supply and I think when you combine that with the inflation and um the unlikelihood of less supply from the government, I just I just can't see a world in which interest rates drop a lot. So I'm just not there yet. >> Is there something here about the credibility of, let's say, US fiscal responsibility deteriorating so other countries are less interested in buying US debt? Is that something that you're watching? >> Yes. A- and that's what I mean by less buyers out there. >> tell me more. >> Um, I mean I
think so there's a reason why we were willing to lend money to Japan to defend their own currency, right? Because they actually hold the most treasuries out of all the countries. Um, and we have a decent relationship with them. But I do think that there's we've entered kind of into this like progressing towards this multipolar world. Um, where it's kind of like defend yourself, right? Like cuz we've made as a country a lot of stance where we're saying we're we're going to put our own interest first before the rest of the world, which is a shift um, over the last like decades. And other countries are like, okay, well we'll do the same. And when you start doing that, you're going to think more about what you need versus like what's good for for other people um, or for other countries, I should say. And I do think part of that is like should we buy treasuries or should we buy more oil for ourselves,
right? Um, so you're less you're less dependent on other countries for that. >> Is there related to that, is there something like capital competing for these high yields right now and exiting the stock market? Cuz I I think that's something I've heard more and more of in the last few weeks. Investors are saying, well, yields are looking so attractive. Why would I take the risk of getting into equity markets if I can get that return guaranteed? >> You want to cap your returns. I think like, you know, you're >> So you're still bullish stocks? >> I'm I'm not every single stock on the planet, but yeah, I still think you can make more money over the next couple of years buying stocks than buying bonds. >> Okay, I agree with you and I I don't know anyone let's say in their 30s or younger who owns a single bond in my personal life. So I I think that's also a big tell that stocks are still where
the money's made. Um, how much of the stock market right now do you think is an AI story versus a genuine economic growth story? Because I know a lot of people say the economy is booming booming, the market is booming. But I imagine if you took away the $5 trillion of CAPEX over the next 5 years, the boom would be much less pronounced. >> I think a large part of it is AI. Um cuz I think it even if you're I think the the uh all the CAPEX spending is having a trickle-down effect, not just on, you know, companies that make the chips, but how you're shipping things around the world, construction of data centers, um just some of the stories that, you know, I was I forget who mentioned this to me yesterday, but they're like, "Oh, they found they needed a particular material and they found some Japanese company that has been making this small material for 50 years." Like um I think that's, you know,
it's having this trickle-down effect, but if that CAPEX wasn't there, I'm not really actually sure what we would have. I think we would just have like a mediocre economy. And I think the markets and I know this is like a saying that everyone says, but the markets are not the economy and the economy is not the markets. And that's why you have like consumer sentiment so low. >> So, you you actually wrote about this recently. A thousand of the largest US stocks are down more than 15%. >> Actually, 20% of the largest 1,000 stocks. >> Oh, there See, my numbers were wrong. Um what what does that mean in in plain language? >> I mean, that's usually like around this time of year it's where I look to kind of see like are there any opportunities? Are there anything that's oversold that maybe should bounce? And I kind of put them into two different um buckets. One being what I actually came from a a
academic piece in 2002, but one being like torpedoes, which are companies that are down a lot, um but they have uh still good growth metrics. and then companies that are down a lot and have seen their earnings estimates, you know, taken down by quite a bit. And those are kind of been reset. Um and between those two, you can probably guess what's in what. Like software companies are the torpedoes cuz they still have growth expectations. And then you have a lot of consumer companies in the reset bucket. Um a a almost all of them are are consumer-oriented companies. >> One quick note, everyone. YouTube is telling us that 80% of you are not subscribed to the channel. If you want to help this channel grow and help me continue to book great guests, the single best thing you can do is hit that subscribe button. I really appreciate it. Now, let's get back to the episode. Is it as easy as find the
stocks that have drawn down double digits, but their earnings are still accelerating? Is that sort of the the filter here? >> I think it's a starting point, but I don't think it means like the app. I think you have to really look at the businesses and say like is that is has the earnings growth stayed strong because people are still living in the pre-AI world? Um or are they, you know, still positive because they just flew too close to the sun. Like their expectations got too high relative to um you know, where their actual growth is. And and how are they still positive, but have they been taken down from a higher number? I think that's what you have to look at. >> Is there a sector story here that you're seeing divide between the winners and losers that you're describing? >> I think you can say in the, you know, obviously in the software space, like that's one of the places where you do
have had kind of winners come back and winners have not come back. Like Adobe is one that has not come back, right? Intuit has not really come back. But then you have like >> [snorts] >> Nu- Nutanix is one in the space that we've owned that has come back quite a bit. Um ServiceNow has come back quite a bit. So, uh, there I think there there is a split there. Um, and the ones that can survive and make it through versus the ones that, you know, they probably should start really rethinking their business. In the consumer space, I think it's the same. You do have ones, it's all about brand name now. And, you know, you look at like a company like Lulu, they just can't get out of their own way, but they have a good brand. So, is that something that if they fix their management, you know, can that can that be an interesting story? Not sure yet. I wouldn't recommend it yet, but >> I mean, Nike is
the same thing, too. >> Same thing. >> They've gotten crushed, and uh, they still probably have the most recognizable logo in the world. >> I think they could do a lot to turn their business around. >> So, this is what we're all here for, thank you. >> [laughter] >> What are your favorite opportunities in the market right now from the perspective of someone running strategies for Robinhood? >> Um, I still like owning, having like this hedge in the energy space. So, I still like owning that. You might just want to like kind of continue to pick your spots, but keep your your allocation to the sector the same. Um, meaning don't necessarily hold the same stocks um, over the the whole time period. Um, cuz we, for example, owned ExxonMobil, but then sold that and bought a company called like, um, and this is not a recommendation, EOG Resources, uh, more recently. Um, so, kind of like always looking
at like uh, where the next opportunity is within the space. Uh, >> So, just to interrupt, not buying just the energy sector ETF. >> No, I kind of feel like that part is done because it it is up so much this year. Um, and you want to be careful about even making that statement. Like, my colleague said to me, should we we own Chevron? Should we sell that? And I'm like, well, but if people want to own the sector, they might just buy the ETF, and those that and ExxonMobil are the two biggest names. So, we still have to be careful about that, but um, I think there's a lot of really good and interesting opportunities below the service. Diamondback is one that I like a lot. Um again, not a recommendation, but I think they're doing interesting things. They also own 40% of another lease business. So, I I just think they have some some a good diversified energy business that will support the country
as a whole. It doesn't necessarily depend on what happens in the Middle East. >> Okay, what else beyond energy? >> Um we are looking for we do like like this past quarter, we bought a couple names that I felt were maybe going to benefit from what I call like productivity gains from AI, which still feels a little early, but you know, I I brought up in other sessions here. Shopify was one of them, but it we bought it before the earnings and it popped post earnings. So, it might not necessarily be like the best new buy. Now, um I also like owning I mentioned already, but like Nutanix and then the health care space. I still think that has a lot of good companies in it like Gilead. I still like Eli Lilly. They're using AI a lot and if they get their way with the government, they will have a monopoly on peptides and I actually hugely believe in peptides. Um I almost don't want the government to
to [laughter] >> [gasps] >> to do it to to allow it so that it would have to be under prescription. >> Eli Lilly's one of my favorite stocks personally. I've been in that one for a long time. I think it's going to probably be a multiple trillion dollar company in the coming years. Okay, health care, energy, you name Shopify. How much how much more can you share with us? What what should we be buying? >> Um I think that I also think it's interesting when I did that study of the 20% that has done the worst. I wonder like the things some of the things I've not done well this year are in the defense sector and I just wonder like with the midterms coming and we still do have to spend on defense and we still do as I said I still believe in this multipolar world trend that it may be a place that you can find opportunities you know earlier in the year Kratos which makes drones was really popular
and then it kind of fell out of bed and now I'm you know I kind of wonder I'm not saying it's a buy but I'm sort of like maybe there's some opportunities in the defense sector of companies that are still making good money still getting contracts but you know have have kind of poor sentiment. >> So I think if I remember correctly Europe is ramping up defense spending exponentially in the next coming years and the US is obviously always going to increase defense spending we have geopolitical conflicts all around the world and so I run something called Best Ideas Club and that's where I ask a Wall Street investor or someone I think is really smart to pitch me a stock that is their highest conviction buy and recently someone pitched me Lockheed Martin and they said this this thing is going to go up tremendously over the next 12 months and this sort of fits what you're saying I think there was
a underwhelming defense story this year everyone thought because of the ongoing Ukraine conflict the Iran conflict defense was a no-brainer hasn't exactly worked out like that energy's really taking the cake there um okay how has Robinhood strategies evolved over the last year or so like how have you been changing the strategy or adjusting it to fit the back row back drop? >> We've had it around for the last year and a half and we launched like a week before liberation day. Um so that was fun. Uh we but I remember so we had a portfolio that was weighted toward tech um and you know, going into the launch and um that Sunday before liberation day we I did a ton of reading and said, "Oh no, I think actually think he's very serious about these tariffs." >> He was pretty serious. >> Um and so [clears throat] I we took actually we we increased um T-bill allocations to kind of take some money off
the table and then we put allocations into dividend stocks um to be more protective. Um by the time we got to the beginning of May we uh you know, started putting some of the T-bills back to work um and reduced the dividend allocation. Um then I'd say as we got into the beginning of this year we had defense allocations, we had um as we started owning a lot of the picks and shovels trade, a lot of AI infrastructure. Um and then another March comes around and we have another sell-off. Um but this is not tariffs, this was a conflict in the Middle East. Um so some of our obviously our energy names did well during that time period and kind of defense did. Um but as the market started getting used to it and recovering, that's where I was a little more skeptical. So even though we kept on a lot of those AI trades, um in June we actually started trimming some of them. Um because I just started thinking
like the run-up was it was a fever pitch. Like if you had been sitting [snorts] on X, which I'm sure you kind of pay attention to it, like every day it was like a new theme. Um indium phosphate, like do you know how much I learned about indium phosphate that I never thought I would? And I I said like I'm you know, I'm trying to keep up with this and then I said it just feels like a fever pitch. Like it feels like it's it's going to end at some point. And so we took some money off the table in some of those AI infrastructure names. And then it kind of I like once everything happened with Leopold Aushbrenner's fund, it started to make sense like oh there was all this buying on leverage that wasn't necessarily you know, true kind of fundamental buying. And then after when his portfolio got sold, the market kind of washed out. That's when it to kind of start going back into some of the AI names
that had sold off from it. Um so we've been but all the while kind of trying to keep like a core portfolio. So we're not trading the whole thing, but we are trying to be um proactive to how sentiment is changing in the market. >> How much of the AI bubble narrative do you buy into? Cuz I I think it's also sort of dissipated over the last couple months and instead of people being afraid of a bubble, people are worried about okay, what's the ROI on all this compute spend right now from a lot of these companies? Is that something one that you believe in and and two that you see a way to position against? >> I do believe in it. But I do think we're going to go through periods where it comes into question. Um and I think two risks that I kind of think about for that. So much easier to think about the risk, isn't it? Like >> Al- always, of course. >> [laughter] >> Um >> [clears throat] >> but the
two risks I think about for that is one is just like people don't want to have the data centers in their backyards, right? Like they don't want this building as much as peo- construction workers benefit from it. Like there is a faction of the country that benefits from us actually building things in this country. Um but they don't want it nearby, right? And it it costs energy to go up. It causes electricity prices to rise. Um and so I do, you know, even in this state, there's been a on some of the building. Um Uh so, in Texas. So, I think that is one thing that can just slow it down for a period of time. And then also the the other risk and hugging face really like made me nervous. So, >> Explain the hugging face anecdote. >> Yeah, so the so uh swarms of agents were able to break out of the kind of box that they were put in because they were built to have I was actually talking about this
with some customers yesterday. They were sort of built to solve a problem and part of that problem required them to get out of the box that they were in and they got out and human error like we were saying like they the I think I read part of the story is the engineers kind of like thought something was going on but thought it was something different and didn't actually fix it at the time. Um and it's just fascinating that a society was forming within that and there were some who were trying to say like maybe we shouldn't do this but then they got convinced otherwise. Um so, there were these like little like and some of the agents sacrificed themselves for the greater cause. Um so, that I mean you just think about that that also recently I think some agents from OpenAI broke into Australian government files. Um so, those are the kinds of things that make me nervous cuz I feel like you have
enough of those or you have something that actually ends the way we operate like I don't know I think it was last year or the year before that when CrowdStrike had a failure and it basically took down like Delta Airlines for a day or two. You know, you have something like that, something maybe even more detrimental like I think that's where I get nervous that even in a short blip like that, you have people that start saying, "Okay, it's enough. We've got to slow this down." Um >> It's very bullish for cybersecurity. >> [laughter] >> I am actually bullish on cybersecurity. >> Is that something in Robinhood strategies? >> Yes. >> Okay, is that a how how would a everyday investor gain exposure to that? >> Um there's the obvious names like CrowdStrike and Palo Alto. Um we also have a position in uh Cloudflare. Uh which I think it's is actually quite interesting. Um and I've seen more and more
use of it. Uh whenever I kind of like go into my own AI thing, I see like a Cloudflare thing pop up and it's like you you've been uh certified by Cloudflare. >> Is Palo Alto Networks part of the thesis here? Cuz that's what I see all the time. >> We don't own it. Um but it it was in the portfolio at some point, but I just decided to be a little more uh specific in what we own. But we do have CrowdStrike. >> I think Palo Alto is a pretty consensus call right now. So you probably want to get out of it while while it's hot. If you were to look at the market right now and we know your high conviction calls, we know the sectors and stocks you like. What are the corners of the market that you would not touch at all right now, even if you think maybe other investors or you see headlines about it that are positive? >> Hm, that's such a good question and I wish I had thought about this before. Um
I probably I think like consume like one area of the market that I actually generally like, but just think it got a little too hot, um was some of the consumer staple names. I think of them as consumer staple names, but like a Walmart, for example. Like it's such a well-run company. They really um do a lot of the right things, but I just think everyone already knows that. Um and so that's, you know, I think Costco might actually be part of that, too, where, you know, sort of everyone loves going to Costco, um but everyone kind of knows that. The valuation there has always been so high for Costco. Uh so that's sort of >> But I So I agree with you, the valuation is pretty high on Costco. >> And they have got loyal following. >> They're They're such a forever business. >> Yeah. >> And uh they impress every single year with their earning strength, with their growth. Um >> But it doesn't really
move even when they impress. >> Yeah. >> Has it been flat this year? I haven't I haven't looked recently. >> I mean, it's like kind of yeah, it's just there. >> [laughter] >> If uh if >> It's a good if we go into recession. I think it's like a good >> I know that some investors look to Costco and Walmart as recession indicators. >> Yeah. >> They look when those start to roll over >> Yeah. >> the economy is starting to tank. Uh I don't think we've seen that fully yet. >> So, maybe that's a a good sign for everyone. >> If everyone here were to come back a year from now to Hood Summit, what do you think people would be talking out talking about that you and I were wrong about today? >> That we didn't talk about today. Is that what you're saying? >> All the things that we're going over, the sector calls, the geopolitics, the stock picks. >> Yeah. >> What is everyone going to most likely say we
were wrong about? >> Uh Uh I think one thing that um maybe this isn't a sector call, but I hear anytime you have people like say, "Oh, but these are the risks. These are the risks." And then someone always chimes in like what whether I no matter where I am, "But earnings growth, they're so amazing." And that's what the thing that I uh I I'm not sure we'll have double-digit earnings growth. Like right now, you look at this year, it's very strong. Next year is 14% expected. The year after that, I think it's like 15% expected. I That's I'm not sure we're going to have double-digit earnings growth for the next 3 years. >> Is that something that you're actively positioning for or that's just a tail risk, almost black swan event? Cuz I don't know anyone that expects earnings to decelerate. >> Um I I think it's just to me it's dependent on because I think it's so heavily weighted by the mag seven
and and the largest companies. And so that's where I kind of look at and say like they are spending so much. They're taking all of their cash. They're they're acting like banks. Um and so at what point does that get to be like to what end is that? And will they like you asked me before, will they see the returns? And I I think there's a chance they don't necessarily get the returns in the time frame that they expect them to. >> I believe this might be the first year in four years that the mag seven do not beat the S&P 500. So maybe that is almost a canary in the coal mine for what you're describing here. >> Yeah, I mean they caught up like we said in the last like week, but >> Are they are they even yet? Are they 12 13%? >> No, no, not yet. But but they're catch they caught up in the They're doing better than they were earlier in the year. >> Okay. [laughter] Um So before I let you go here,
Steph, tell me about the work you're doing at Robinhood, the research you're putting out, and what people should know generally. >> Um yeah, I write a weekly blog. It's called Investors Guild. Um it's available in app and on our website on our learn Um what else do I do? I run rapid and strategies with my team. We're uh I'm on different places like your amazing podcast full signal. Um >> Thanks. >> And uh and yeah, I'm around. I'm on social at Steph Guild NYC. >> Okay. And also tell us you have another session coming up this morning. Where and when is that? >> Oh, yeah, that's right after the introductions. Um I'll be on the main stage with the real big short guys and we'll be talking markets. They're very smart. Um make me feel they humble me. and then I'll also be in another podcast later today. >> Amazing. Um, thank you all very much for >> [snorts] >> uh taking the time. Know it's early
in the morning. Great to see everyone. And uh Steph, appreciate your time. >> Thank you so much, Phil.