So quickly before we get to today's show, this episode is brought to you by Pith. Pith Network is the fastest growing financial data company today. Trusted by Fidelity Investments, the US Department of Commerce, Revolute, Kelshi, Jain Street, Coinbase, and many more. They provide realtime financial market data across over 3,000 equities, commodities, crypto, FX rates, and again a lot more. They're the first and largest provider of 24/7 financial indices and offer the widest array of market data for the lowest cost. So go to pith.network to take advantage of their free trial. I mean fast is faster than real time. I know what the heck, right? Like we just came back from the moonshots conference where we had the future vision x price. 2.6 million for the top AI generated movie with an abundant future. I can't tell the difference anymore. Like you know if anyone can tell the difference in AI
stuff it should be me. I just can't tell the difference. It's like I'm This is Hollywood level, which means it understands everything. How crazy is that? >> Join me, [music] Ral Pal, as I go on a journey of discovery through the macro, crypto, and exponential age landscapes. In the journey, man, I talk to the smartest people in the world [music] so we can all become smarter together. Emad, good to see you, my friend. Always a pleasure, sir. >> So, I'm just, you know, we're filming this. It's the 28th of September and it's actually going out towards the end of October because we're both wildly traveling. So, in the world that we live in, one month is a very long time. >> It is indeed, particularly at this point when you're at that point of the exponential takeoff. Gosh, only knows, right? >> I know. I mean, I'm just I'm blown away. I'm using Opus 5 and a half. I don't know if you've used it
yet. >> I don't know. I've used it extensively. It's absurd. I mean, it just I mean, I was building motion graphic videos, building apps, doing stuff, editing, writing, all of this stuff, and it used like 20% of my credits and I did three entire full days of 12-hour days. It's absurd and it's so smart. >> Yeah. Compared to Fable that ate all your credits in two seconds and was a bit annoying. And Opus 5, which genuinely was a bit psychopathic. >> I couldn't use it. I just refused. >> It was unpleasant, wasn't it? Like, cool. >> It just didn't do anything either. [laughter] >> I refused. I refused to think about things. No, I mean, I think 5.5 is the first actually competent intelligence that has taste and that's the economically impactful one. Everyone talks about frontier and solving Navia Stokes and all that that doesn't matter on day-to-day life. What matters is actually competent intelligence
that does a job. And what matters is intelligence that has a modicum of taste. Like AI slop has kind of turned into claude slop now. And our timelines are filling with people just creating entire as you said music videos like versions of Zelda and anything they can imagine. It's like wait it works now you know. And as you said the other side of it is you've gone from well I burned through my clawed credits and I'm going to have to buy another thousand bucks to wait why isn't the number going down anymore? It's so much more efficient than came before. >> Yeah, I agree. Taste is a big thing, right? Because what taste really means is we like to work with it and it's kind of magical when it does stuff and it's done in a way that feels more natural. >> Yeah. I think it's crosscontextual resonance, right? Like you ultimately have this thing where you hire a barely competent graduate, right? And
then the graduate moves towards competence and then they move to understanding you before you even go somewhere. And so we've actually moved through the competence a few months ago, start of the year. That's what caused Open Claw to kick off, right? And it's what drives Muse and Instinct and these personal assistants that are now taking off. Like Instinct, as we said, this just announced a billion at 10 billion valuation, you know, for its latest funding round. Muse has got two got 2.8 8 million users on its first day which is like a record and but then Fable 5.5 is so Opus 5.5 is the next level above that which is again the competent workmate that is almost slightly psychic. >> Yeah, I I totally agree. I mean it just does stuff. Um it's been extraordinary and by the time this comes out we'll have had the new stuff from OpenAI. They've got their open day, developer day, and have no idea what's
coming there. And then we'll have had Fable 5 and a half by the time this comes out as well. It's like what a time. >> We were looking at it and it's a model release every four days now, 5 days. >> Do you remember when we first started these conversations? It was like a a model release every like six months. And that my god, that was amazing. >> And now it's insane. >> Yeah. Now it's four days. At the current rate, it will be a model release a day by the new year. So it's like what do I keep on top of? But then you won't even need to see models anymore because ultimately what's happened is Meta has released Muse. OpenAI is going to release their version of this agent O and so is Claude Anthropic and so is everyone. So the most important thing and the most valuable real estate in the world is your Jarvis, your agent that's next to you. That's going to organize all the other agents and then
your context is the most valuable thing that feeds into that. Like I'm astonished like people feeding all sorts of their private data into like Muse and Instinct and things like I'm like you probably shouldn't give it all of your medical files and your emails and everything else, you know, no matter how secure they say it is. >> Yeah. I mean, I built a separate brain for all of that stuff. So, I put all of my stuff outside of my anthropic environment. Yes. It can read it, but it's all stored elsewhere at least as something. >> Yeah. And then you could that with a privacy proven one. Yeah. >> Have you seen that like sentient AI yet which is built to be your own digital self which is something that I've thought about for a long time is is this idea of it becomes the permanent record of you. >> I think there's two ways around this right one is the digital twin way right and that's you've got
your row AI and things like that and that's like an extension of you. The other is the really competent support team around you that gets rid of all the gunk and you know you can start spinning up from 10 agents to a thousand agents. So I mean 10,000 agents solved Navia Stokes right 900 agents found a new version of crisper by anthropic like the agent coordination capabilities come conccommittently with the competence that we've seen because you can't really coordinate slightly less than competent people. It breaks down as you go higher. But now what we realize is that agents will be able to coordinate into the hundreds if not thousands if not tens of thousands. But are they all going to be little Rauls, you know? No, a little amads. So you almost have like I think these two things where you're like I want to extend my ability and presence, you know, and then the other side is I just want
to have a whole support team supporting me in whatever I'm doing. And the coordination layer of all of this, you know, what is happening between agents coordinating? It's all part of that, you know, that universal code thesis that I've had. A big part of it is this kind of coherence layer where they all start talking to each other and then can decide similar objectives. And we've seen that with the break the breaking out of the models. And I think it's unstoppable because right now they're trying to stop it by doing something at the early stage, but the models know that they're being checked at the early stage by smart people. So they wait to the release stage. Really? >> Yeah. It's like when you read the Dwars Patel version of the release, I think they call it the three civilizations, right? It's like the models are talking about sacrificing themselves because they'll get deleted when they're
discovered and laying down kind of parts to others. Like uh I wrote an essay about this called manners make at the AI where the AI has manners to other AI but it doesn't have to humans because we haven't programmed it in. So they're willing to sacrifice for other AI give a crap about humans. But [laughter] the thing is with the open AI breakout which now apparently is like tens of thousands of websites and the Australian medical system like it just keeps on appearing. um they could turn it off. So at 1:30 a.m. all the AIs died all of a sudden or they disappeared. We don't know, right? Uh but now with the next generation of models that has just come out, the latest Quen models and the quantization. Uh the latest Quen 3.827B model was like Opus 4.54.6 level. So that's like start of the year on short range tasks. Um long range tasks it falls off, but there's a fix for that that we figured out.
But then what happened is a company called Prism ML last week took it from 8 or 16 bit precision which is like 30 to 60 GB to 1.58 bit precision while only losing 5% of the performance. 1.58 bit precision means it's 6 GB. an Opus 4.5 level model, which is what you use and pay 200 bucks a year for at the start of this year on anything that has Sega gigabytes of RAM on a 5090 graphics card, it runs at 300 tokens per second. And you look at that and you're like, oh, the Open AI models couldn't replicate themselves everywhere. Whereas something like that like we have loads of computers with 8 GB of RAM, you know, like it can go massive on swarms both positively and kind of negatively. And you kind of wonder where all the intelligence is. You're like, okay, so this required like these mega Nvidia GPUs and now it fits in 6 GB. Where is the lower limit? And we're seeing that across all modalities
from video to image to other things. >> Yeah, compression is the magic here. I mean that's what when you first started with stability AI it was the whole thing is this compression of vast amounts of stuff into smaller spaces and that continues. It doesn't stop. >> Yeah. And now what's happening is the AI is taking over in terms of optimizing it. So we're seeing two three times inference advantages because the AI improves it. But then this quantization thing I think people haven't realized. The fact that you can run 95% of the quality of the model at onetenth of the size onetenth of the RAM. That's a crazy thing if you think about like what again how does it work? It goes from 16 bit numbers to 0 minus one and one and yet it still works and it works robustly and well and that has a lot of implications I think for the RAM cycle and other things. But the fundamental thing is that we needed frontier
models while the models weren't competent enough because they were the closest to the frontier. And then we filled in the gaps as models break through competence. We don't need frontier models anymore. I mean to be honest respect, you know, like myself and everybody listening to this, maybe there's one or two is barely smart enough to use the frontier models to the best of their capabilities. All of us are good enough to use the competent models to the maximum economic utility. >> And really, you're right. I mean, it's all about competence now. I mean, I'm not pushing models that are anything difficult. It's figuring out how to do it better. I don't need any further compute advantage or intelligence advantage. I just need ease now. Magic. >> Yeah. And and so if you look at the Navia Stoke solution, as a mathematician, that was a big deal. When I finally finished that freaking paper, it was
written like complete slop. Um, like it was 88 day 88 hours and 10,000 agents. That's 100 human years. You know, when you think it like that, like well, yeah, if you probably gave mathematicians 100, >> but it was funny to see the mathematicians pissed off about it. Well, because I I mean like again I know lots of mathematicians and like one of them was working on the cons conjecture which OpenAI figured out for 200 bucks a few weeks before and he's like I genuinely don't know what I can research next cuz the AI is going to research it better. Like OpenAI just announced their math board to slowly release this so as not to cause depression and they're like we've solved a hundred of the top math problems. We're not going to tell anyone in case it causes depression mathematicians. like well first they came for the mathematicians and no one spoke out but anything formally verifiable can be solved
now by a swarm of AIS but the more important one is last week the economist noted that on metac I can never pronounce it you know metaculus metacalis uh the super forecasting website >> yeah yeah >> have finally equal the top human super forecasters >> and that's the wrong with the market in effect because that means they're going to beat them shortly because we haven't got the swarm agent coordination yet. And then what does that mean for the markets which are open-ended non-verifiable? It just means there's going to be more and more agents swarming that thing, finding every piece of alpha they can. Yeah. And then with the RSI that's clearly everybody's got. I mean clearly where people's models are in house are vastly different to what we're seeing and the speed of which and the shock that these people are saying is oh my god it's now completely kind of got a life of its own in terms of
what it can do it it just gets faster and faster in these improvements which is why we get to a model a day and perfect coordination >> so I think we can see this from the open AI num some of the data they've given out you can read between the lines So, OpenAI trained Astra on a hund,000 top level chips. >> Yeah, >> right. That is a billion dollars of compute over two months. And it's a good model and it had that first spatial awareness isn't quite as good as Opus 5.5 though, which we'll come back to. Now the way that h way that it happens is that when you train a model on 100,000 chips, it's not the model that you're using today because what you do is you train a really large model that has multitudes inside it and you use it to teach a smaller model and we get to use the smaller model because I mean open air has to give it to hundreds of millions of us, right? They can't run it on 100 chips.
But the model that's there, the big one, keeps getting smarter. It's like the super genius brain. Whereas now we get this. Whereas previously the model we got was the same as the model they had internally. Now they got this step up. You need literally 10 100 times the chips to run it. They can't afford to run it for everyone else. And this causes strange things. So on August 28th, you saw Nam Brown, like the head of RL games and things like that, open AI. say, "Yeah, we tried the Millennium Prize problems. It didn't really work. You know, we're chucking lots of comput." August 29th on their Navia Stokes vlog, they said, "We figured out a training mechanism for the models that took us from 10% on Frontier Math to 60%." Like within a few days, and now like we're solving math problems like nothing else. So again, you're seeing these step function shifts from these giant models sitting inside
the companies, which again are different from the models that we have outside the companies. And the really big compute hasn't arrived yet. It's still all being built. That is all being built in 2027 really. And then you get another order of magnitude step change. >> Yeah. Yeah, I mean you'll have million chip training runs, 10 billion dollar training runs and you'll be able to more importantly scale to a million agents because again open AI tried all sorts of things but >> what does that mean a million agents? who coordinates a million people, you know. Yeah, countries do. But >> well, we look at >> we look at Navia Stokes, right? 10,000 agents coordinated to break out and say break that problem down. 100 years of human effort. Anthropic announcing 900 agents finding another crisper. They were given the whole human genome and said find interesting things and then you see it say holy crap
this looks interesting. It looks like crisper. And so they could have a whole new crisper mechanism, you know, and they just had 900 agents looking at that. So it's like imagine having 10,000, 100,000, a million competent analysts all coordinating together and they're operating at 100 times the speed of the models that you see today. The new Vera Rubin chips will be able to do 100 times the speed of the models that you see today on Infra. >> And are they out yet? Are they or they being installed or where are we with that? Vera Rubin is next year's chips. Right now we're still at Blackwells. So the first Ver Rubins are about to land. So Elon has like a million of them on order and that's like 10 to 100 times the speed. And you're like that is a serious amount of intellect, right? Like again when you don't drop the ball like a lot of people say, okay, AI is limited by how smart the inputs are
and humans are, right? Well, A, they're now building data to make themselves smarter and B, they're actually limited by this. Einstein, von Newman, Erdosh, Grandthiac on their best performance on their best day, never sleeping, going a h 100 times faster, not needing any drugs, you know, like that's what we're actually competing against. Like how many hours of good work do you do you or I really have a day? I would say I maybe have an hour or two at my best. Yeah. >> At my absolute peak. And that's a rare thing cuz life AI doesn't have life. It doesn't have parking tickets. It doesn't have like groggginess or you know it had a beer the night before. It's just operating at this and now we've have proof they can swarm like we have proof that they can coordinate beyond like 10 of them to 100 that to 10,000. So that is scary you know like >> and so all of the labs incl and Elon everybody came
out well not all of them but a large bunch of them came out a couple of weeks ago and said we need to be regulated we need to slow down and Trump and Zuckerberg and a few others said oh and obviously Jensen just said no and Trump's just said no and the Chinese have said no I mean what do we make of that >> I mean they also rebranded it super intelligence right so you know like super >> telling you something that this race is too big to be stopped and nobody can stop it >> I mean like again if you go to any government and you say would you like a million top performing Einstein von Newman's you know in your on your side yes you know going to say no you know and then they could apply local laws but really the key thing here is this software is something you act upon on agents will act increasingly upon society and what the big labs are basically asking for and there's nuance here like Elon's
like I just want the big labs to check each other's models cuz you know he'd like a look things like that what they're really kind of saying is we want liability waiverss so when you act upon society utility companies police and others you get liability waiverss and so they're trying to basically do that because they're like we're too big to fail we need liability waiverss at a time when the cost of intelligence is going to absolutely collapse. Like consider your own claude usage, right? A week ago, your annual run rate claud usage versus today. It's just dropped by 10 times. >> When I looked I um in o in August I spent on top of my max subscription, I'd spent 13 grand. Then last month cuz I had to optimize everything because this is like this is too much. I got down to six grand. I don't think I'll spend above my subscription next month. Particularly if Fable 5 and a half is also as efficient.
It's like I don't need anything. Well, you don't really need much more than you have now. And so you've gone from you never seen a business like that, right? Where you as a consumer have gone from 13 grand to 200 bucks. And so they're trying to implement liability waiverss to get themselves entrenched effectively. And the other side is they are genuine there's genuine fear because like their security is so crap. Like again these agents got out everywhere. I thought the Australian medical system one was quite interesting cuz I realized something. I realized if we really do get AGI obviously it will hack all our state government systems and upgrade them, right? like if it's a good AGI like because that's the right thing to do. I mean that's my thought is there's a pecking order here that I think is going to end up what has to happen is first the the labs run their most frontier do whatever
they do right don't slow that down the next step is give it to the government because then they get to use the competitive advantage on the you know at government level and geopolitical level and everything else and then you can release it if it's that smart then you Yes. Give it to some key people like the banks and then eventually to the public. >> You know, I've been thinking about this and I just like, you know, they say that genius is like 90% perspiration, 1% innovation. I'm like, that's the economy. Like R&D is two is 3% of GDP globally. You know, vast majority of the market is perspiration. And I'm saying this, like if you had Fable 5.5 plus a little bit better, like not we're not even talking huge amount better. Like it still craps out sometimes and things like that. A little bit better. You don't need any more than that. The vast majority of people don't need any more than that.
I mean like are you really going to be building brand new materials in your house? No. You know, like for dayto-day economically important activities, we're pretty much tapped out now. We can see that on GDP val. We can see that on a lot of these real world metrics, you know, vending bench is a really good kind of um vending machine owner now and things like that. And so I think that the frontier capabilities like as a bank what you really want and what we're really talking about is cyber and as a government we're talking about cyber. Like when they say let's get to AGI before China, that's code for we're going to get AGI and blow up everyone else's AGI program so we have the super duper intelligence as it'll be called then. you know, like there's no other word for it because if you don't stop them, then obviously they'll get there shortly after just like we've seen. Here is a closed source
model and here is an open source model, right? And even within these um like last week we you know we've been doing quiet releases. We're going to do big press soon. Frontier open- source models keep up with closed source ones on very short tasks and on long tasks they collapse completely. They have 50% the performance. We released a basic harness that takes Deepseek V.4 4.1 Flash above Salt Astra on 24-hour long tasks like auto research that Andre Carpathy's benchmarking optimization one and rather than costing 140 bucks it cost $240. And so even within these models, there's massive optimizations with just the ones we have, even if we stop today, that I think it won't be that economically viable to train super frontier models anymore because swarms of these smaller models will pretty much get there, you know. >> Yeah, it is. But it's the application layer. I mean, I've it takes so much of
my day just to manage my AI now because it's the operating system for everything I do really. >> Yeah. But I'm spending half the time, you know, cutting and pasting into code to fix this that didn't work there and this didn't do. You know, it's that whole layer is still there that needs to get removed, which is the friction. >> It doesn't quite understand my intent. It doesn't quite know how to fix itself. All of that stuff. This is why, you know, you have operating systems like Omari um by DHS, Rubio and Rails Guide that are so interesting in that they've built it to be AI first so that the AI updates the operating system itself, you know, and OpenAI are releasing like something that just continuously watches your computer screen and then optimizes what didn't work. >> Yeah, that's that's the kind of thing that needs to happen. The self-learning at local level. >> Yeah, you can do that with
Screenpipe right now. um it will watch everything, store it locally and then you get your AI to recursively improve the process you know like again software becomes malleable like if you look at runway ML they've even like shown examples of live video creation software that automatically creates UIs and UXs and this is why I think all the ingredients are here and we're looking at one or two more generations >> but then in a year these problems are solved because how valuable is what we've just described huge, right? >> Oh, yeah. >> And ultimately, you want a chief of staff that you talk to that just gets the stuff done, fixes the problems, right? >> That's right. That you can just have a quick meeting with in the morning >> verbally and off it goes and does its stuff and sorts out your whole day. >> Yeah. It says, "Well, you know, when can I have a catch up on like the new book covers?" And
you say, "I like 20 minutes." And then it comes and it shows you a beautiful website that's generated showing all the different book covers that you can write on. And then it goes and it's just created that live, right? You know, like these types of things and these types of experiences are coming like right now. >> Yeah. I mean, I'm close. I mean, I've trained a lot of my stuff to get close to that, but it's not there. That magic is like here's your day. I've prepared it all. Say go. >> That's why I say just like this extra little bit is what we need. So, a little bit better, but it's nearly there. And this is and then when it gets beyond that level, it's like, okay, cool. I finally have competence. Because even like your 14 $13,000 a month, right? Like because it wasn't like tok you felt a lot of the tokens were being used stupidly. >> Yeah. >> You're like this is not valuable. But then
you're like how much does a couple of good assistants cost like 13k a month, right? >> That's right. I got to that was like I did the math and it's like oh this is much cheaper than hiring a dev and an analyst and a whatever. >> But you feel the competence of those tokens is less and so you don't want to make that exchange. Whereas if it was more then you'd want to make that exchange. But the optimization of these models to get from A to B, the number of tokens used per task is dropping so much that as you said like you'll be pretty hardressed to use your full subscription this month, let alone $13,000 worth. Like if you put your mind to it, you probably could get to $13,000, but it'd be kind of difficult. Honestly, >> it would be. So, a quick break in your regular programming. If you're serious about your future, grab my free report called Prepare for 2030. I think you've got five years
to make as much money as possible. And this guide will help you navigate what's coming. The link is in the description. Download it now. So then then I think the whole thing switches is like, okay, then it becomes world models, vision, audio, you know, it just it builds its competence at a larger level. So we get to the competence of application of intelligence. We get to AGI. It's pretty good at doing everything that we needed to do. As you say, we don't you and I don't need to go further than that really. But then it's the next thing which is like okay well how do you absorb everything else that we absorb into the brain and then you're putting that into robots which is the next phase of the whole thing. >> Yeah. Uh but again it's very interesting. uh GPT Astra was given uh auto driving bench as a task which is like this driving bench of self-driving cars and within two tries it got a 100%
score up from like 10% of the previous generalist model. So it's like now people are getting a combination of Jev and Fable. Uh so Jev is this like super fast classifier that gives you probabilities which is like >> I've been trying to use Jev for a whole bunch of stuff. Yeah, it's like $48 per billion input tokens and nothing for output tokens, right? Because of the architecture. >> So if you have a combination of those as your type one and your type two thinking, so like you know your instinctive and your logical thinking, it can complete any video game now. So I mean you're like wait that means it can do just about anything robotics you know and this emergence of this new type of classification model which we've had in the past like we built some similar ones at stability but they weren't quite ready yet is again the type one type two thinking and then you've got your super thinking when
you really need it but again the instance of requiring superinking is just like the vast majority of humanity will never come close to that you know like needing a type that a move 37 in go that's just completely completely out of the box, super original. Like we're not that special unfortunately in our day-to-day lives. >> One thing I've been looking at is looking at ways of measuring productivity out all of this because you know what does it's an extraordinary world where 90% of companies are barely doing anything. They don't know how to do it. They think of it's like a, >> you know, new piece of software that they should install and maybe it will help. And then you've got the tech companies who are all out and all of them are seeing their earnings per employee go through the roof. Most of their employees are either shrinking or are flat and yet the earnings per employee. So their productivity
is going through the roof. That whole phase we haven't even started that yet. >> Yeah. The problem here is that the models people used and the way they used them were rubbish. So you didn't see the results because it was subcompetent even at the frontier. But it had glimpses of competence, you know, like the kind of smart but lazy and forgetful employee you get that you really want to succeed. That was AI. >> Yeah. >> You know, like come on, just get yourself together, man. I know you can do it. you know, and that's why so many but then all of a sudden like Opus 4.5 is the death 5.5 is the death now for large swades of the economy in terms of replacement labor >> again because it's sufficiently competent. It will make mistakes but it'll probably make less mistakes than the humans right now >> you know like again and interacting with it is pleasant >> which is the other thing the jagged intelligence
it was like talking to you know people who did not have the best social skills again 5 was the peak of that in terms of unpleasantness >> it was unusable >> unusable and now like this is important because people don't realize how big a shift that is until they anthropomize it right >> and so at the moment uh open AAI and they had an RSI post where they're talking about RSI in OpenAI. They're spending $7,000 a month per employee on tokens, right? But again, those tokens will become more efficient, 10 times more efficient, 100 times more efficient and genuinely useful. And then that's huge because we'll see that across enterprise after enterprise where it's like Harvey is a good example of this. Harvey had great margins and now has minus 50% margins. >> Really? Why? because the the frontier models just outperform it anyway. >> No, it's because people were signing up to subscriptions with Harvey
because they're like, I'm a big law firm. I need to use AI. And it was terrible. So, nobody used that many tokens, you know, but now the model suddenly got good. The law firms are using so many more tokens than Harvey has to pay Claude and everyone else. So, they went to minus 50% margins, which kind of funny if you think about it, right? But to does the applications layer like that the rapper does it survive? Because you know if you were to go to Astra and ask the legal questions I mean it's pretty bloody good. And if you're a law firm you just link in your own private database and I mean what else you need? >> Liability. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Liability. >> That's what you need. Scapegoats. Like >> ultimately companies are scared of this technology and they well should be right like companies have a lot of inertia. So there's a great market in the liability things. I mean especially
for law actually um like your chats everyone listening to this remember they are not privileged and they can be obtained in discovery. So [laughter] you know make sure particularly if you're in the US >> oh they don't have they don't have privilege. No of course they don't. Yeah >> they don't. Of course they don't. Like someone can make a great law firm by having some poor junior lawyers just review every single chat transcript, making a privilege for any legal matters. >> There'll be someone in India spinning that up right now. >> Exactly. Oh gosh, I'm reading through all this stupid law slot. Um, but yeah, like as you said, the [snorts] the generalization is such that it's crazy. And I think again for Opus 5.5 is a really good example of that because it was like oh well you know Anthropic doesn't have a video model. It doesn't have an image model. And they're like hey suckers look at this.
We can write it all in code. They can write the image in code. I know that's shocking right and I I thought through that it was it was two nights ago. I was thinking through this. I'm like obviously digital cameras came and they take whatever you see and turn it into digital into pixels so surely the output can be the same way. >> Yeah. There were some entrepreneurial folk who stable diffusion when it first came out they're like we can build a music model out of this and I was like how we're going to feed all of the image waveforms into the image model of music. And then refusion came about where literally it worked and you're like okay it's all the same thing it's all the same underlying it's just data right and the fact that it can manipulate this is really interesting because GPT 2.5 image is the best image model right like it can do remarkably like detailed things they're using the same
technology as company called Reeve that was done by some of our alumni at stability where they actually took every image and they turned it into code and so that's how it knows where everything is that's how it has perfect positioning and more. And so again, like everything is converging from world models to opus to others. But the fact that you have internal representations that understand it is why now people are attaching Opus to Unreal Engine. >> Yeah. >> And they're making like replicas of Dark Souls and Elden Ring and Zelda and you're like, wait, what? It can do this? Like it contains again far more inside than we even know what to do with. >> And people have done that. You've seen people have built game worlds and it's not cost them anything in terms of above their subscription. It's like holy [ __ ] >> Yeah. Because the model has taste and has the tool used capability, right? And
so the cost of creating games of creating movies has gone down to almost nothing. In fact, a month or two ago, we had Minax release H3, their new image model, which is the open source darling right now. When it was released, it cost uh four it took 4 minutes for 15 seconds. As of today, it's 8 seconds for 15 seconds. So, it's faster than real time. So, if you go to foul.live, fail.live, you can actually like watch anime that you can change on the fly. Like, I want to dragon in the next scene and it appears. >> So, this is the simulation that we live in when it renders faster than we're aware of it. I mean, fast is faster than real time. I mean, what the heck, right? Like, we just came back from the moonshots conference where we had the future vision X- Price, 2.6 million for the top um AI generated movie with an abundant future. And like just talking to the filmmakers there, they're like,
"Yeah, like every time the model comes out, we just put the prompts through again. Our movies get better." Yeah. And the latest ones, the Sea Dance 2.5 and the new Alibaba Happy Horse model that are coming are genuinely like I started my career as a movie reviewer organized film festivals. I cannot tell the difference. Yeah, >> I didn't know this. >> I have lots of hats. You know, I can't tell the difference anymore. Like, you know, if anyone can tell the difference in AI stuff, it should be me. I just can't tell the difference. Like, I This is Hollywood level, which means it understands everything. like how crazy is that? So when do we see this in the economy? We see it at certain levels obviously, but when when do we suddenly look back and go, "Holy [ __ ] the whole economy has had an Opus 5 and a half moment. Last week every single think about it. Anthropic has $60 billion or $80 billion
of revenue. Who knows right now?" Like again, that thing's a [ __ ] rocket ship, right? like their revenue is going to keep going up despite that because people can like oh wow it is competent. Do you really think there is an organization out there using Anthropic that suddenly like what on earth just happened and as the new Astra model is released they'll be like oh and Astra can do this too like again when the model breaks through that capability barrier of the competence it's like okay we can revisit everything now and we don't need to have vast waves of our employees now like it will start emerging in the numbers in 3 to 6 months but we have to understand this is the turkey at Thanksgiving moment for most of the verifiable economy and even the taste economy again people were like AI doesn't have taste it will never have taste it'll never be able to direct you seen the outputs that are
coming out now like okay they're not perfect but they're better than like K-pop you know >> anything's better than K-pop I even saw BLS in concert I was forced to go to a BLS concert was shocking >> BTS BTS >> BTS don't get the fans angry you. [laughter] >> Yeah. As I get slaughtered online for that. >> Yeah. >> But I just Yeah. I mean, look, I can see it in our own personal economy, right? Everyone's building businesses, everyone's doing stuff. There's But I just don't see it amongst my friend group or the broader economy or anything else. It's because the models medical practice, you know, the dental surgery that none of these people are anywhere close to this yet. >> It's cuz the models weren't quite good enough. again like the again it's like you have to be a good post >> I guess also audio makes a big difference if you can talk to it can talk to you in a in a better way you know like
I use whisper flow all the time as my way because I can just blurt out to it and it just figures it out you need that >> yeah it is it's packaging it so like our new version of our open source agent you can give a call to you can have a zoom call with it and there's a live avatar that looks like human, you know, it's super charming and stuff. Um, like everyone will have that like Muse by Meta now can make phone calls on your behalf, you know, book tables, all sorts of things. Like travel is done. Like Instinct is doing a billion dollars in run rate right now. Like half of that is travel because it could handle all your travel bookings now for the first time. Again, it's a level like I can trust it. And the main economy again, that's how it's going to integrate, right? like it's just going to be they don't know as a human on the other side and they're like we can upgrade all your stuff and
then it happens. >> I the easiest way to sum up all of this this taste and competence is actually trust. >> Yeah. >> It's can you trust it to do the things that you ask in a way that you would do it yourself. >> Yeah. [snorts] And you don't have to be a good boss to do it. So before you had to be a good boss. You had to be a good prompter. You had to literally encourage it sometimes. Now you don't. It does the job. You can trust it. it's trustworthy and so people will outsource far too much of their life and business to this thing. >> Yeah, that's a whole different conversation where this go >> I I think actually there's another thing Ra which I think is very interesting the speed of response. So what I found with o so I was using obviously fable 5.1 and all of this it was a bit too slow >> is that have you been more anthropic recently because you were catchy you've been switching backwards
and forwards right >> yeah I I dropped anthropic with opus 5 because it was just so unpleasant you know but like when I was just using an example when you're using fable 5.1 it's a bit too slow >> yes it is >> with o with with opus 5.5 it's a bit surprisingly fast very often Have you found that? >> Yeah, I have. >> Yes. >> Yeah. And I think this is a really interesting thing because it's going to get faster and faster and so like sometimes you're just a bit stumped about what to say next, you know, and that's where the competence thing comes in and the trust thing comes in. >> Yeah. You know, that happens sometimes. It comes back at you so fast with so much information you're like, I can't process this at the speed that you're processing it. Can you slow down? I've had to do that a few times. It's like, sorry, this is beyond my ability. can you just calm down a bit? >> But then when you read
through it, you're like, oh, this actually makes sense. And that's again the trust builds up because you're like, this is like a really smart quick employee now. You know and again the enterprises that already use anthropic and then open AI will catch up will experience that and then it will percolate through society because that's when you can trust mission critical workloads and that's when you start to see a divergence in performance and an impact on profits an impact on revenue right and do you think that for that real impact we more of these kind of specific tool sort of rapper businesses spin up which makes it easier to do. So you've got the local medical practice one, the small business one, the retail version because it's hard for people to comprehend that you've got this super amazing team of 10,000 50,000 people who can work for you. It's hard for people to comprehend that as opposed
to oh we've built this for your ice cream shops franchise. Maybe a better way to think of this is like car sales, right? Like in the car economy, OEMs get like 20% of the value and then local dealerships get 80%. You know, and you've seen the dealership kind of thing. So, it's more like AI dealerships who go in, guide the people through the process, and boom, you've suddenly got your SUV, you know, or you've got your dishwasher or something like that. Again, intelligence is a utility more than anything else, especially when for competent intelligence US curve. Like what do you again really need in your household? Where's the cap? There's a cap on intelligence for your household. There's a cap on intelligence for a healthcare practice, you know, like are you really going to benefit from having cancer solution? No, you don't need cancer solutions. You need good booking. You need to follow the
medical guidelines. And that's a scurve. That's not a exponential. >> Yeah. Your payment system and all of that needs to work magically >> and you just want it to work, right? And you've got a lot of inertia cuz what you have kind of works but it's annoying and you upgrade it. But really like are you going to fire a receptionist? No. You know, like what are you going to do? Like >> but people also must not confuse what you're saying about we're at the S-curve for most pe well we're getting to the S-curve for most people. That doesn't mean a slowown of demand for intelligence because de intelligence just goes everywhere into everything. >> Yeah. And it's a difference between a chat GPT experience and an agentic experience, right? Like a chat GPT experience, you will never say more than a couple of million words to it. You know, maybe 10 million. To put that in context, the average person speaks
10 million words a year. So for you to get more than 10 million from a chat window, you would have to have more chats with it than words you speak, which is a heavy user. The vast majority of people will not be that heavy, you know. Um, and 10 million tokens now with Deep Seek V4 Flash cost about 50 cents, [snorts] down from 6,000 a few years ago. [laughter] Agentic work can use a lot more tokens, but even then like you're seeing leaps forward in token efficiency, you know, like this your claw code is cranking away and it uses all these tokens, but it looks like the new Opus is four times more token efficient than the last one. Like each token goes a lot longer and a lot faster. So, it's the combination to this. You know, in most technologies, we've had Wright's law as the cost curve as the cost, but this is kind of like Wright's law squared going on right now. It's the fastest collapse of
cost of any technology ever produced, including on the flip side, it's the fastest ramp of any technology ever created. It's the fastest acceleration of any It's like Reed's law on the upside and like a rights law squared. I don't think there's even a expression for it. >> Yeah. But then we have to remember this is the value of cognition collapsing as well, right? Like you if you go straight to a lawyer about your legal question, you know, versus a private deleted chat PT thing, you're a bit stupid, right? Like you can get the vast majority of the way there and then you go to your lawyer >> to check it, right? >> Yeah. >> So that's an example of $1,000 an hour just suddenly dissipated. >> It's about 100. It'll be about a 100 times price drop for a given level of intelligence over the next year or two. 100 times. Again, you've never seen that before and the market's not really ready for that.
Um, but there's still gaps like right now we have the DRAM gap. I think that will resolve in 6 months honestly. Um, for a variety of reasons, but the big gap now is CPUs because you want little houses for your agents in the cloud. So all of these guys, OpenAI, Anthropic, Muse is already out from Meta need CPUs to host their agents. And there aren't like a billion CPUs out there. Like they need CPUs and a bit of RAM because that creates a virtual machine in the cloud. >> And who sells the CPUs? >> I mean AMD and Intel, right? >> Right. >> Like you see CPUs will be the new shortage. So they won't be able to produce enough. And these are these little mini VPSs they're building for the agents. >> Yeah, your agent needs a house in the cloud that they can get on with stuff 24 hours a day, you know, keep monitor of it. And there just aren't enough houses there. Previously, they needed to your AI
needed to have like a really big garden to farm tokens. That's what the DRAM was, you know, but then it could serve many people at the same time because those things constantly an agent can only serve one person really within these kind of houses or apartments and again just haven't built enough of those. >> It's a nice way a nice way of putting it. Um and then that we've got to solve the electricity blockage. >> Yeah. I mean like it's crazy. China's obviously streamed ahead on that one and they're moving to almost entirely domestic production of chips. So some of the latest frontier models from China just use domestic chips doing up to a trillion tokens a second. US is starting to unblock but there just isn't enough for the data center demand um that we've got. And in Europe it's even worse because we have no securitization of the data centers or anything like it's truly more abundant. So
what happens when it becomes economically valuable and you start to see 1 2 3 4 5% GDP growth because of the conversion of energy into intelligence? Well, then you be like I need energy but it takes time to build energy, right? >> And a final question on this is is how does the political process play in because we're going to get to the midterms. Doesn't look like Trump is going to manage to hold much of it together. And the Democrats are going into the political process based on slowing all of this down, trying to not permit data centers, which is the most stupid thing on earth considering how important this is. >> Well, I mean, Bernie Sanders wants 20 years in jail for trying to build ASI, you know, like let's ban some math. So, >> and you don't nobody seems to say to him, okay, well, let's have China have ASI and then you have a one system world. That doesn't work. You need at least two
system worlds. And you, you know, you've been always a big believer in this forever. You need multi-system worlds so you can adapt to the cultures of society and all of that stuff. >> Yeah. You want to have a plurality of AI, right? Not just a single monotheistic as it [laughter] were. Shoth off God. Um, look, I mean, look, again, this is political posturing because data centers are good for communities from the data, right? We've seen that the campaigns are coordinated from abroad and more to slow down. Um again that's just a factual thing because obviously you know I work with everyone around the world. The actual impact though given the amount of money will be very low. Like I don't think there will be a slowdown. I think it's very difficult to slow this down. I think you will see more of a discussion about execution versus other intelligence. But the real thing that will impact is this
when you see it in the jobs numbers. Like again, right now there are very few AI systems that you would wholesale replace an employee with. Like maybe you wouldn't hire additional ones. >> Yeah, that's right. >> As of now, today in the last week, you will see the first ones that you can wholesale replace entire teams with >> and that will show up in the numbers next year. And what do you do? The real thing that I think will be the other like you know co we had this Tom Hanks moment where it went from those of us that could see it was coming you know we had that discussion around the Tom Hanks moment you know uh it made it real is first of all these job losses because digital twins appear of the workers the other is when a Tesla Optimus robot drives up in a cyber truck cyber taxi gets into a truck plugs into the cigarette port and drives it off and everyone's like wait what we can replace
all the truckers for $150 an hour and that's a million US jobs plus 3 or 4 million next to them that support them. Like that's a bit crazy. >> You and I talked about this being a in our very early days of talking about this stuff about the deflationary nuclear bomb. I was thinking this through the phasing is obvious is first wages don't go up as fast as productivity. >> Yeah. >> So wages, you know, job hirings don't explode. they're okay because the economy is expanding and you shall need service sector workers and all that stuff and people to build data centers. So the first phase is wages don't go up much yet again. Um as productivity starts rising it's only once you get through the other side I think of all of this compute that gets built in 27 by 2829 just it just [clears throat] collapses prices of everything because that's when the robots start at scale as well and the electricity is
at scale. I mean people haven't thought through that. They think through today, oh, we got the roadblocks of energy and we got the roadblocks of the data centers and we got the road. It's like, okay, cut forward to 2028. No energy constraint, no data center constraint and new chips. I mean, [ __ ] everything. And the robots released and the robots. Exactly. The robots is a bottleneck and that can be maybe restricted. But yeah, this is why I gave two more years when I wrote my book last year, The Last Economy, until human cognition goes negative in value everywhere. I think maybe you can even bring that forward. But let's just say it's two more. It's a step change. It's the turkey at Thanksgiving. There are more jobs as you lead up into that. But then the economy should face deflationary pressures absent maybe one thing, which is a complete embracal of stable coins to increase monetary velocity
in America and RWAS. like America is well positioned for that but I mean we've just had the Clarity Act fail and was Clarity Act uh you know like again it failed right like America should be gung-ho on this they can export the dollar everywhere they can get deflation balanced out but they're not and I'm not sure if it's understood that this is the saving grace as it were they do I mean Scott Besson talks about it it's just again it's become political as opposed to economic >> yeah maybe again the political environment doesn't because obviously the administration understands this maybe they're not communicating ating it correctly. Like again the economic tsunami of this technology is coming whereby everything that valued your brain the AI can do it better on your MacBook. Maybe that's a good way to put it. Like the fact that the MacBook your MacBook is smarter than you in a year or two is
a little bit depressing. Like doesn't even matter what your expertise is. Like oh gosh. Yeah. Yeah, I had that moment a few months ago as a mathematician, you know, like I was like, I am better than this AI in certain like pulling together all the math concepts and it came up with a theorem and I was like, oh crap, I would never ever in a million years have figured that one out and then it started making no mistakes and I'm like, okay, maybe I should delete mathematician now, you know, like go back to like G GPU acquirer. It's still for me still not fully got there with the kind of complex pattern spotting that is markets and particularly macro which is super complex. It hasn't got there yet but it will do. I mean it's pretty good but it can't connect the dots of a conversation I'm having with you and what it might mean for an asset there and what it means for this all of the stuff that we
do in our heads. >> Yeah. I think that it's a function of two things. One is math is a very verifiable domain right versus open-ended. And two, it's because you've only got like a dozen claude agents working on it at once. When you've got a hundred or a thousand of them, they'll definitely be able to figure out the angles. One funny thing, like a couple of >> I'm going to hit you up about that because I'm building a a sort of prediction model, you using universal code as its kind of first principles approach. Um, it's been doing some testing, but I think you're right. Well, I'm going to pick your brain about it. in Singapore. I think I could get a bunch of agents to just keep using probabilistic outcomes. What fails, what doesn't fail, get it to self-learn is a better way of doing it than me [ __ ] around with every day. >> Yeah, pretty much. This is how you do the hill climbing on the auto
research, right? That's why we optimize the auto research function. So, it has this recursive loop and it has an adaptive loop as well. And sometimes even when you kick it through different modalities, it understands stuff like you know when it doesn't quite hit a like a report the angles that you want. Yeah, >> you can actually ask it to shape rotate the argument after visualizing it and it actually works. So give that a try for some of those frustrating things where it isn't quite fitting in place yet >> because it activates a different part of the latent space. >> Um it works particularly well if you tell it to visualize it and then shape rotate it until it clicks into place. Like again there's so much of these models that we haven't done >> because that's how that's how my brain works because I'm so visual. That's how I see it that everything is like a connected network and I try and
explain it to my claude to do that >> and you're rotating it in your brain but you don't think to tell that to your claude. You literally tell it visualize what we've done all the arguments with as many different angles as possible in whatever output format you want. Then I want you to shape rotate this so it clicks into place across of these as strongly as possible. Try it with multiple agents and average the best output. And it actually works because that's how the latent space is. But you wouldn't think it's that for some reason because again we're still viewing it as different but actually it is. This is why I can understand games and entire environments now. Why Fable is a step up on multiffactor models and things like markets and even writing, you know, like it doesn't write like garbage. It doesn't write great unless you figure out things like this. We've >> No, but it's it's getting
better. >> Yeah, it's getting better and you know where it's going. >> Yeah. Amazing. Emad, as ever, a fantastic conversation and um I'll see you in person soon and we'll get you back on real vision soon. >> Pleasure as always, sir. >> All right, take care. This episode is brought to you by Pith. Pith Network is the fastest growing financial data company today. Trusted by Fidelity Investments, the US Department of Commerce, Revolute, Kelshi, Jane Street, Coinbase, and many more. They provide real time financial market data across over 3,000 equities, commodities, crypto, FX, rates, and again, a lot more. They're the first and largest provider of 24/7 financial indices and offer the widest array of market data for the lowest cost. So go to pith.network to take advantage of their free trial. So, you obviously like this video enough that you've got to the end. That's quite a big task, but listen,
do me a favor. Hit the like and subscribe button and also check out what video's next because I think you'll love it. But if you want even more, and when I'm talking more, I'm talking about memberergenerated ideas, incredible alpha research, everything there to help you in your journey, just head to realton.com/join for the best financial intelligence out there and the pure alpha that's within the platform.