Welcome [music] everyone. We're here with Vanessa Parley who is the managing director at Stanford HAI and is integral in running the uh HAI index AI index and it's been going on for years. I think it even predates HAI. HAI I think is one of five units of Stanford. Uh seven or eight years ago the university said AI is going to be a big deal. we got to do a cross uh campus um initiative and create this institute and as far as I'm concerned a key element of that institute is the gathering of the information compiling it and sending it out and and you do a road show every April you go to different continents to kind of spread the word and it's it's a document that really helps inform people where things are going where they've come from and where they could go and there are a lot of questions AI is not just this nice technology uh you know to wave at at a museum. It's it's going to change how
as a species we interact and how we reach our potential. And here in conversations action, Alex and I are going to interview Vanessa uh about you know some of the trends she's seeing and uh um you know we're going to get into it. Uh so Vanessa, thank you for joining us. >> Yeah, thanks for having me. >> All right, welcome to the CIA. So, HAI, this is related, refresh my memory, this is related to the Stanford initiative to do an annual report on AI progress for about a hundred years, something like that. >> So, there's actually two reports. So, there's the AI 100, which comes out every 5 years, September or Yeah, it's coming out soon. >> It's like a millennium in AI. >> Exactly. And so, the AI 100 came first. They realized, oh, actually, this technology is moving super fast. every five years is too long. And so the AI index spun out of the AI 100 and the AI index is an annual report which
even now seems too long. But um yes, as John mentioned, it's it's meant to get give a datadriven view of the state of AI um to cut through the hype we see every day. We have a lot of um data and trends to try to get ground people in like what is actually happening. So I think one of several elephants in the room in an era when there is day-to-day progress what is the point of an annual report? >> Uh perspective I would say most importantly um and I mean even last year right we see one of the aspects we cover in the report is benchmarks. So these evaluations of how AI is performing across different types of tasks. Um and every year we incorporate new benchmarks because the benchmarks from the prior year uh AI models have have surpassed human capability. Um but that in itself is um something to to learn from is what are these benchmarks really measuring? If we just create new ones every 6 months
when AI surpasses whatever maybe arbitrary test we have decided um we should measure the system against. And so one of the things that we talk about is this field of benchmarking itself probably needs to be rethought and reconsidered now that AI is out of the lab into the real world and moving so quickly. So maybe to develop this a bit >> in hugging fa and it's in hugging face >> maybe maybe not scandal duour. So I I think second elephant in the room is the benchmarks themselves. There has been recent set of revelations including in connection with one of my favorite at least historic benchmarks uh which is from Epic Frontier Math Tier 4 that the benchmarks themselves are broken and that if you fix the benchmarks it turns out that they're all essentially saturated at this point by the Frontier models and the the wave of shock and awe if you will spreading from Frontier Math to tier 4 now
version two to other benchmarks discovering that actually the reason that all of these otherwise quite challenging benchmarks aren't at 100% is because the definitions were wrong and the benchmarks were broken. How do you deal with that? Are you at all concerned maybe more specific question that the benchmarks maybe you're ensembling them the benchmarks themselves are unintentionally sandbagging all the performance and at this point the benchmarks themselves are cooked. >> Yes. So exactly we know that there are many flaws in these benchmarks. Um they were developed um when AI was still being researched in labs. Imageet was developed in 2012 to figure out how well AI systems can identify images. Um the benefit of benchmarks is it creates a goal for research to go in. Um and so they have historically been able to push research forward in certain directions. Um that said, the AI models are now
out of research labs and in the real world. Um and we do it's a call to action. We need to figure out a better way to really evaluate how these models perform and how we maybe benchmarking isn't right, but at the very least how we define these benchmarks. Um and and there are researchers that I'm working with at Stanford thinking about this. How do we dis how do we develop um a science of measurement um that can actually predict how well these systems uh perform when they're deployed in real world scenarios because right now if a if a model can pass the MCAT that does not make it a good doctor and so is that really the right benchmark >> so arguendo maybe there are several pieces of one very large elephant in the the room historically there are a lot of it's a it's a very big room with maybe one very big elephant. The the challenge is there's an enormous cottage industry of evaluators of
benchmarkers on the one hand. On the other hand, things are moving so quickly now. An annual report I I think is sort of it's hopeless to keep up even if the goal is to put maybe an impromater of Stanford or or some other trusted institution on it. So, let me ask the question this way. if your program which as I understand it this is a Stanford funded program >> uh so it's run by Stanford it is led by a group of folks internal and external from industry academia and policy and others >> coalition coalition so if someone wrote you a check for a billion dollars and said do something far more ambitious with your time benchmarking it's taken care of already there are lots of benchmarks out there averaging benchmarks producing a regular report the AI can produce a regular report on itself at this point. Recursive self-improvement is here. The AI is improving day by day. AI, you know, put put any
task in front of it, including being a good doctor and AI is either superhuman already or is just extrapolating by the law of straight lines about to be superhuman. How do you as a program within Stanford or a coalition, how do you solve the problem of obsolescence? Just to put it baldly, are you worried about obsolescence? >> Um, so since the index was launched in 2017, uh, a lot has changed. Um, >> yes. >> And there are many other organizations putting out similar types of reports to your point like AI can do a lot of the report making now. Um but I do think that there is value in um an independent organization with the oversight of people from various different industries putting out information that is datadriven neutral and comprehensive in the way that the index is. Now the index if we completely rethought the index and put out something like that that provides a datadriven view of
something >> you have to start over someone with a billion dollars some generous donor benefactor says here's a billion dollars what you were working on previously it's cooked it'sion dollars of tokens >> a billion well billion tokens doesn't buy buys you a cup of coffee at this point uh gives you a billion US dollars and says all right what you were doing previously can be automated you can work on something more ambitious Now, what do you work on? >> Yeah. Um, so I argue that it can't not all of it can be automated. I again, I still think that there's value in a datadriven uh view of what's going on. Perhaps more frequently um perhaps different data sets maybe using Okay. No matter what we do more than ever too. >> Yeah. Right. And it doesn't take a billion dollars. So then I would take that billion dollars and put it into the some of uh plug for Stanford research on some of the research
that we have going on at the institute thinking about education and scientific discovery and some of these uh areas that we think are going to be very um important. Um but yeah, I think on the report side, some of the billion dollars to um generate more robust data sets, there's still a lot of data that we can't get that doesn't exist, especially um one chapter that has big gaps is in education. It is very difficult to measure how we are teaching AI around the globe. um and >> education of AI or AI educating humans >> education of AI but yeah there's still nuance there is um >> tell me more so what what are the gaps that you perceive in measuring education of AI >> yeah so one of the data points that we look at in the AI index is um how people are learning about AI around the globe uh when the index started we met and still which is the gap is we measured um CS education in K12 secondary
now that is um the data that we have it does not accurately reflect the state of the field and it's very difficult to get data um from around the globe >> okay so so this does sound then like education of humans not education of AI >> yes correct >> got it okay there's an irony somewhere in that I I I think if I understand the history correctly that you started out with a mandate to measure AI and turns out AI is making such fast progress there's no maybe relatively little marginal point in measuring the AI so you're turning around and measuring the humans instead >> that I like that framing it's interesting framing yes >> okay so what do we need to measure about humans then is the is the end goal is the is the end intent that you want to ensure maybe at some latent level the human economy remains coupled with the AI. So, and and if that's the case, what is it that we should be measuring
and optimizing on the human side given that AI is recursively self-improving? >> Um, good question. Uh so that is so this idea of how AI AI is augmenting humans is something like even some of our economist we have um an economist Eric Benjolson at Stanford and one of the computer scientists D Yang is looking at like how there's been some work out of anthropic too on how humans are using AI to augment themselves in this human AI coupling um >> symbiotic relationship with technology. >> Yeah. Exactly. and and there's you know micro studies around but having a broader view of what is working in that space what is not and how we can really optimize for the >> here Alex let me ask you a question yeah can you ask her something really >> well ambitious is so subjective these days isn't it maybe let me ask you a microeconomics question >> I'm not any funny >> I think you are though I I think you're
an economist in disguise now everyone is everything with AI. >> Everyone's everything. And in particular, now that you're it sounds like turning around and studying the human economy and less the AI, you've become an economist. Congratulations. Dismal science. So, an ambitious question. What is the right way to measure real wealth growth in the human economy as a result of super intelligence? >> I don't know. I'm going to pass on that one. I don't want to be recorded. >> You wanted me to ask you. Well, so why don't you say what you think might be beneficial as they're constructing the future of this and then you could react to it. Okay. I think you're measuring the wrong thing. >> I think I some of this is is maybe obvious from some of my earlier somewhat leading questions. I think we already have pretty amazing ways although they have obvious flaws to measure AI capabilities improvements.
I like the direction I'm hearing on measuring the human side or what what's left of uh humanity as currently constructed interacting with AI. I think the single biggest gap that I I off the top of my head that your index could solve is solving the problem of real wealth creation. So right now there are forecasts from some who say real wealth is going to skyrocket as a result of the singularity and super intelligence. We're going to see the economy triple year overyear. The problem is we don't really have good ways to measure the size of the real economy. We have GDP nominal and real. We have other macroeconomic measures, but arguably those go haywire in the presence of true abundance. So the the challenge that the recommendation maybe call to greatness I would have is assume that measures of AI capabilities are thoroughly cooked. This is a solved problem. We know how to measure AI capabilities.
Maybe there are flaws in methodologies, but it's it's not profoundly difficult enough to merit an entire Stanford program, but what we don't have a great measure for is what's going on in the human economy interacting with the AI. And my my call here would be solve that. We need something better than real GDP. >> So, um I mentioned Eric Prolson. He I know. >> Yeah. Uh you should talk to him about this. Uh he does have a project called GDPB. um where they're looking at the value of digital goods in the economy. Have you have seen >> I've seen it. I've read his papers. >> Okay. So anyway, so that is maybe one direction. I'm sure he has many other thoughts, but >> so just in conclusion, um [clears throat] governments are being tracked right now on how they're approaching AI. There's a lot of comparisons between China and the US. Uh I know your program is not just getting to the world leaders
but the people working with the world leaders to help their respective countries work with AI. What are you tracking terms of sovereign AI and um are we going to have some examples of countries that are having some success that everyone may copy or having some challenges that everyone may may run? um or anything you want to add to that? I'm I'm thinking about the the government sovereign AI uh question cuz I feel like they've gone deep on that one. It's a troubling issue. I I'm not sure whether it's as quantitative as one might like for indexing purposes, but do you maintain at the level of nation states an index of call it national instruments of power or state capability, state capacity for super intelligence? >> Um I wouldn't say super intelligence. We do try to get data from many countries around the world on various parts of the AI stack. I would say from uh their model development,
uh the talent within the country, uh the compute within the country. Um and so that is kind of where we are measuring it right now. Um we did have a section in the AI index this year. It was more of a qualitative highlight section around AI sovereignty because that phrase is not well defined at the moment. Um, our policy team also released a report on kind of like how people are talking about AI sovereignty right now and what does that mean and what do they really want? Um, and can it be solved by other mechanisms. Um, and so this is something that we are looking at and thinking about how we might measure. Again, historically it was we were talking kind of these different aspects that we are now thinking about holistically as AI sovereignty. So maybe this year. >> Well, follow-up question. Both the Biden and Trump administration by suppressing Nvidia chips to China. It allowed China to find
more efficient open- source models. And I'm wondering, did you see that data coming? And are there going to be other things like that that you may be able to see before they go mainstream? I don't know. Is that a good question? >> Sure. >> May. It sounds like a maybe. I so I wouldn't say we saw the data in the report for that but it does bring up questions about the um effectiveness of export controls and and how we should be thinking about those. Um uh one area that I thought was quite interesting in this report this year is we had new data from a company called Zei that tracks AI talent around the world. So these are um people who have AI research publications or AI patents um and the uh inflow and outflow to and from different countries. Um inflow of AI talent into the US dropped by 80% in the past uh few year or yeah few years I'm forgetting the exact numbers but um the chart is is very
down. Um India is almost the exact opposite. the inflow of talent into India is um significantly increasing and so that is something to think about if if different as part of this AI sovereignty you need the talent to build the models and to um uh discover new algorithms and new new ways and on the hardware and software side and um these talent trends could be sort of indicator >> and and anyone can work with the AI to do things So just counting bodies isn't isn't going to get you there. >> I think it's the innovation is the Yeah. >> So maybe closing question on my side. How soon until you have to release a daily report? >> I think that that could have happened if we had uh >> a billion dollars. >> I don't think we need a billion dollars, >> but um if we had Yeah, there's, you know, checking the data, making sure the data is sh just because you have data doesn't mean it's showing the thing
that you want it to show. Um so there's a lot um upstream in traditional data science fields around before you can actually run the analysis. >> This is what AI is good at. So so another call to >> collect the data. Anyway, it's >> the the Fed releases GDP now several times per month. I I would love to see a real-time index of super intelligence from your program. >> All right. >> So last question. Um every uh spring students graduate from universities and colleges. If uh a student were to read your report, what would it say they should be doing with their lives? >> So, I'm not sure the report would say this from a perspective >> 20 something gain from it as a way to kind of understand how to optimize. >> Um I would say seeing what is um providing again perspective on what has happened and not getting caught up in some of the hype that we see in the news. um but also seeing what is coming.
So this year we had a um there's been an evolution over a few years. So about three years ago we we have a tech performance chapter. In that chapter we started including uh innovations on the science and medicine side just kind of highlights. Um two years ago we broke that out because we saw so much progress there into a science and medicine chapter specifically because we said there's so much going on here it deserves its own chapter. This past year, the 2026 report, we broke them out into separate chapters. We now have a science and medicine chapter because both fields are just again accelerating. So, kind of being able to see how things are evolving within the index is um perhaps maybe parallel to what's happening in in the >> we're both all three of us are going to be at Davos at the world economics. >> That's the plan. >> Uh and in that dome, we have the MIT Cale and Stanford hi collaboration.
Let's get together and do an update on uh on >> an update on this few months from now. This needs to be daily. >> I know, but I only have the dome in in January. But but these human constraints, >> we'll continue this. >> This is why we have AI. The the irony is an AI index that's not using very much AI. >> Yeah. Yeah. Um thank you Vanessa for your work and thank you for taking the time today. Thank you. >> Thank you.