three-day weekend. Uh the final, I would say, uh true day of summertime before we have to get going on things. Uh going to try to get through this one relatively quickly. So the empowerment through AI side, I I I do want to make sure you guys realize as we go into the final four months of the year, we've hit the most important point in AI where the AI agents are growing rapidly. Um, this is really as much for anyone who's working at a job that doesn't know how to use AI from a workflow perspective yet. Uh, the time is gone. So, I do these videos and I go through this really to help people to educate them and to help them through the empowerment of making money. But if you understand how to use AI from an agentic perspective and you understand crypto, which is what the focus is, you are at the most important part of the disruption. And if not you, at least your your kids. I have great relationships
and I've built them in terms of people that have had their kids call out. I can't take all the calls of everyone who reaches out saying, "Will you speak to my my son, my daughter for uh 30 minutes? I don't have the time, guys. It's a oneman show. I'm busy. I know a lot of you are reaching out more and more more if I don't respond to your emails or I don't get to things. You have to understand I get so many. So, I'm going to go through this video, but I want to make sure that you guys realize as you look at the first chart, well, not the first one. Remember, I can't guarantee that I'll make you money. This is not advice. This is a educational show. The disclosures are there. This is what I want you guys to understand. Um, you believe many of you in your head that your kid goes to a good school, they work really hard, they end up getting a a job, they get a raise every year, they save, and
they retire. That is not the way the world works anymore for the majority of people. And I don't think it'll be the way that it works for anyone. The new world, and I've talked to you about my son and what's going on, is this. It is the ability of learning anywhere at any time. I have this conversation with so many adults. I have been given such a gift. I love learning. I love being creative. I love being a critical thinker. My brain has never felt more powerful than today because whenever I want to learn something or build on something, I'm working with AI, but now with agents. So, first it was typing things. Then it was chatting and having conversations and collaborating together. But now it's sending them off to build things, to come back, have a staff meeting, all of that stuff. Maybe it's because I manage people for a long time. But every young person should be able to do this. And that's
the way they're going to have empowerment. If they learn how to use AI and they learn how to use agents, they can build their own business. If they build their own business, they can build five businesses. If they build five businesses, the question is how do they invest? By understanding crypto, tokenization, tokenized products. Trust me, their ability to invest and make 20% a year will blow you away. Not through speculating, not through betting on football, but actually through having agents build a tokenized portfolio of things that are diversified where you can get a good sharp ratio. I'll go through that. Pay attention to that. This week's major theme, stop with the bond fears. Everyone in X, everyone in there, the same people who were saying AI is a bubble are telling you that the bond market is going to explode higher and it's going to create problems. Is there a chance that yields
will go up? Yes. Do I think they could go to five and a half, 10 year yields? Sure. Do I think Scott Besson is going to fight it? Absolutely, he's going to fight it. He's already shown that. Why do I want to be involved in something that can go from here to here when it just went from here to here and it's been in a range that's been nothing? This is all throughout X and every technician and everyone who's bearish just keeps rolling out these bond fears. 30-year yields are going to make the highest level. We're at 523. We could make the highest level since 2004 very soon. Guys, don't believe the hype. I'll tell you why. Here's what Bonval is doing. If this was really a crisis, trust me, bonvs would be up here. They wouldn't be sitting down here. For anyone who wants to tell you, whoa, they wouldn't be there. And if it wasn't Bonval, then okay, how about this? How about junk spreads wouldn't
be sitting at the tightest level ever. Junk spreads. Now, triple C's are widening out, which again, as I've said, I think you're going to see spreads kind of widen out because I think you're going to see a lot of places go out of business because of AI. Here are inflation swaps. two or one year, two year, 5year, 10 year. Here are the numbers from 249 or 248 to 252. They're not only at 2 and a half where they've been since 2022. They're all at the exact same level, which happens to be where core CPI is as well. There's core CPI 248. By the way, here's the daily trueflation number. I don't care what you believe in true inflation. Do not listen to anyone that says this has no value. That is not true. It absolutely has value. The fact that it is deviating in falling this fast to me, I I I'm curious as to what's going on inside their prices because they are calculated on real prices. The scary
bond chart. Here's the reality. This is the fact that chart with yields going higher. Here's the total return if you invested in 20 plus years. So not even 10 year. This is the worst one. 20 years and above, your return this year minus 3%. Here's what it was in 2022 when it actually mattered, down 32%. JGB 30-year yields. May of last year, we broke out to all-time highs. You want to see the damage that's been done since then as 117 basis points. May 20th, Zero Hedge doing one of their let me scare you things. The biggest bond market is imploding. Here's where the Nikai was that day. Here's where it's gone. Here's where the Nikkei is year-over-year, up 52%. So, if you listen to this garbage, you cost yourself a 70% rally in that time period. Here's what Robin Brooks wrote this week. This is a rational person. This selloff is ongoing since 2022. So, this is not something new. As he says, we've
been going higher. It won't spin out of control into a crisis because governments won't let it. You do you believe that? Of course you do. You have to. We're seeing signs of it at this point. They don't want it to go higher. They will try to find ways to keep it in check. Now, this has got Japan. This has got Germany. This has got the US. This has got the UK. It's got all of these stock markets are still going higher, but they're all there. This is Switzerland. So, he highlights this is all about the level of debt. It's not a crisis. It's about the fact there's a lot of debt and growth is good. This selloff is completely global. Governments everywhere are fighting this. Inflation break evens are fast asleep everywhere. Like I said, those are the facts. Here's another fact. Besson expects Japan to act to boost yen. We saw the yen again this week. Strengthen. I know what the Japanese are planning
to do, says Bessant. We're in coordination. It's not just one country. They're all involved in this, or at least Japan and the US are. Here's the PEG ratio, the S&P. So, now let's get to the facts. Do you really want to focus on the bond thing with what I just showed you? We've been going higher. None of the other places, the bond VA, any of that stuff is showing any risk. Okay, here's the S&P PEG ratio. And again, the PEG ratio means what's the forward PE? Let's assume it's 20 right now. The what's the earnings growth rate? Let's assume it's 25 right now. Okay, so the earnings growth rate right here is higher than the PE. So you have a PEG ratio down here. This is at the lowest level since 198. You cannot say that the market is expensive and it's a bubble unless you're saying this is a bubble and is going to collapse. You want to say that, that's great. You're just going against charts that
are incredibly powerful. And here are the revisions. We just came out of an earnings period. the weekly revisions through the roof. And as I've said before, the time to be short stocks is when the red stuff, 2022, when rates were going higher. This is when you wanted to be bearish on stocks. When the Fed chair is saying, "Don't own stocks. We don't care." Now you have the president saying, "I don't want rates higher." You have Besson saying, "I don't want rates higher. We want to run it hot. We want stocks higher." Here are the revisions. companies are still earning. Here it is with GDP, meaning forward GDP as PMIs PMIs continue to sit. And again, they're not at 60. We got the PMI out to manufacturing. It's at 55 revisions. This is the 20week average of revisions. Now, let's go through the facts on the stocks. Leading indicator, when you want to be bearish, like you were in '08, we get a
recession signal here. We get a recession signal here. We're up 18% year-over-year in the S&P. The NASDAQ were up 24% year-over-year. The Russell were up 23% year-over-year. SMH Semiconductors where a lot of bubbleistas are. They still believe this is coming all the way to zero. I see the technicians. I see what they're talking about. Ignore them. 88%. Here are global revisions. If you think this is a US problem in terms of being strong, no. Globe. Good. This is coming out of recession periods or coming out of the crash in 16 with oil where we got things higher. Again, the globe is good. MCI World up 16% year-over-year. MSCI Emerging Markets up 30% year-over-year. MSCI World Bank Index, if there was a problem in bonds and there was a problem in credit, banks would not be doing well. Banks led the S&P down in ' 07. Banks end up being horrible during periods in Europe during the Europe. We
got no problems right now. Banks are up 29% year-over-year. Let's go look at revenues per share in the Aqu going through the roof. Revisions going through the roof. Earnings and valuation with inside the bands at below 20. And it's because earnings are going higher. There's the earnings per share. Again, I got to take this down because we're going off the chart. All right, let's keep my head there for a little bit. There's profit margins. I mean, do you really want to focus on the bond market when you have profit margins around the globe going up this much? Shouldn't long equities be a better thing? Looks Look what happens before a recession, guys. Look, you at least get a flattening out a year, two years before. You don't get this. Here's the scary oil chart. Another scary chart. A lot of people talked about oil this week because we went through on this is December contract. Well, the Fed's
got to raise rates. Yeah, there they might raise 25 basis points. I'm really going to be scared of a 25 basis point rise. Um, if you want to avoid stocks because of a 25 basis point while earnings are growing, profit margins are growing. Okay, here's oil up at $86. And again, as I've shown before, the year-over-year oil price for the sixth contract forward is up 22%. It should always be up at least this much during times that the economy is good. Always spending still happening. So, if you're worried about the economy, the Johnson Redbook, the fiveweek year-over-year average is at 9.6. So, we had the World Cup, went up, then we came down. Here's what the last week was in August all the way back up to here. Here's what the overlay is with personal spending. Obviously, consumption is 67% of the US economy. All right, here we are. And here's the white line, Johnson Redbook. S&P, you really want
to be bearish now when we finally had a correction for the first time this year since the Iran war where the S&P was up 20% over a rolling three-month basis because of the AI trade. The AI trade peaks. I send you guys the AI midcycle slowdown. The S&P goes down, go starts to go through it. Here we are in July around the point where Liupole blows up. The S&P hit the zero line, which means the threemonth rate of change got to zero and now we've bounced out. AI is bottoming as well in my opinion, which I'll show you. The advanced decline, another way to use it. I used the 9-day RSI in this. We hit the 25 level. That's where we were at the lows in March. See what happens. Most importantly, the number one stock for the AI trade is Nvidia. Most important, every chip stock follows Nvidia because they're the one this the head of the circular finance. They are the ones paying everyone. They are the
ones that need all of their stuff. So, if their stock is breaking out, do you really want to call semiconductors a bubble? Do you really want to fall for that, guys? Here's Nvidia approaching new all-time highs. And since Chat GBT came out in 2022, this is the overlay with the S&P. I don't think you want to be bearish stocks when Nvidia is about to make new all-time highs. Here's Nvidia overlaid with the socks again. Nvidia peaked here. Semis peaked here. I just think you're making a mistake right now. If you're sitting there listening to technicians and people scaring you with rate charts, ask yourself this. If a technician is bearish on semiconductors, go see if they're bullish on yields. If you're getting the same thing and they've written and called this a bubble. If they're also bearish on Bitcoin, there might be a thing here where they're developing an endgame bias like I talked about
two weeks ago. I'm showing you guys the facts of the market. Is the SMH below the 50-day moving average and is it trending down? Yes. Nvidia is up here. So, I'm giving you a fact up here. Until this breaks here and actually breaks here, I think you can continue to say that we're there. As I'm going to show you and as I went through last week, I think this stuff is bottoming after this. This to me is a consolidation. People don't think moves like this consolidate. I believe they do. S&P here's where the chart finished the week. It's not bearish. And this is again, this is where we were in June. Here we are in September. Basically unchanged. Q's again, I don't see this as bearish. Russell, I don't see this as bearish. All of these are above the 200 day moving average and significantly above. They needed to have some time to to let the 200 day come higher. I got a lot of things this week on
tech momentum. Everyone's panicked because they made new lows in this. Here is the long side of momentum. This is not the same as what was going on here. Trust me, I will show you some stats on this. This is about the long side going up and deleveraging continue to happen. That is what caused this. The shorts going up caused this. This has nothing to do with reality. This has to do, this is not earnings. This is not anything. This continued to be deleveraging. And as I said here, we can't just go back to the highs. I believe this stuff is stuck in mud. Do I think we're going to get to the highs? Yes. Do I think it's going to take time? Yes. Here's my thematic portfolio. So again, when we break the 50-day here, I still expect it to go to here and pause. And my guess is by the time we go higher, it's probably after the midterms. I don't think this is the place to be making lots of money. But
this is the place where I did make buys in this period for Micron and stuff like that because I do believe that a year now we're going to be much higher. Most of my waitings are towards crypto and I continue to add to crypto. Here is the internals of my thematic portfolio. This stuff going forward I'm only going to show in the crypto portion. So I've decided what to do is this video will remain on YouTube. It's open to everyone but for people who want my thematic portfolio and the crypto side to understand this part along with the prompts and everything. The subscribers will have that and I will do more work on this and I will add the crypto side into it. This is the thing that I showed last week. So here in this week, the thing that stands out to me, we had two weeks in a row where the number of names with inside the 100 uh portfolio didn't hold where we had this. We had two weeks of kind
of blah. This was a bad week following this made sense. It was better last week. It was better again this week. This is the most important part. If you guys have not used ATR percent, the average true range of a 100 names, this is taking the average 14-day true range of each individual stock. This thing is going lower. This is a very positive sign because this means hedge funds are not getting stopped anymore. Retail is not involved anymore. This happens because of stops. This happens because the need to move things through force things whether it's margin or everything is expanding. This is why this is such an important signal and very few people use it. Here's the chart of it. It was going higher as the market was going higher. This was part of the reason that I was reducing things back in here is because V was going higher in these names which meant people were either speculating more,
putting things on or getting stopped out and then it continued to move higher during the stopout period. Well, now it's going down every single week. This is the number weekly. Here's the overlay with the thematic portfolio. So, we went up, this thing was coming down. It continued to go down during this slide. Now, we're seeing this. I believe the bottom is in back here and I think the thematic AI portfolio the stuff that I go through is going to go higher. I will start doing some spotlight pieces again and I will start going through the names that I like. I've told you repeatedly since I don't know if it was in here whatever but in in this point but Nvidia is one of the names and now because of its recent move it's as big as Marll for me. I believe Nvidia is a good place to be while we're stuck in the mud. it made the low the same time it's up at all-time highs. So, this is a relative strength
thing relative to my thematic portfolio. Part of the reason that I want you guys to understand that when people get worried about semiconductors in the AI trade because of rates, they're way off base. Interest rates are a rounding error on inference P&L. So, what three companies matter the most? The three companies that matter the most are Anthropic, OpenAI, and Nvidia. Those are the ones that matter the most. Nvidia is the one selling the semiconductors to the people that need to get their money from the compute demand which is being done mainly through anthropic and open AI which are dominating the models. The revenue per token this is it this whole thing is based on the interest rate impact. It actually goes through everything. So model price what's the most important part for open AAI and for anthropic you should know this rates are irrelevant. So a 10% model price decline is worth three
percentage points of margin. 10% model price. So again, 26 down to 23.4. Great. Interest rates a 200 basis point rise. So in 10ear yields from 5 to 7, that's only one margin point. Here it is right here. So again for open AAI they can keep paying for this and that keeps the compute prices high which allows again Nvidia to continue to spend money and make money and that allows Dell and Marll and Micron and all these companies to still not have to worry about things that is the circular nature. So remember, if you have a concentrated economy, which we do, the three companies that matter are Anthropic, OpenAI, and Nvidia, is there a chance that something could go wrong? Yeah, the risks are model price compression. That's not happening yet. So again, until we get to that point, the hardware costs don't matter. the infant, none of this stuff is going to matter as much if the model price collapses,
which again, it's not going to happen in my opinion anytime soon because they have the best models. And as I go through this, you'll see why that's important. Nvidia blows out the quarter, stock trades lower, goes right back up. Very positive sign. Dell surges 9% after good numbers. So, good numbers are being rewarded. The computer maker now sees AI server revenue tripling. Six months ago, it expected it only to double. Germany, this is not a US problem. You're starting to see other countries are running short of AI compute. Welcome to the AGI era. If you guys have not read the things about Astra, Astra [clears throat] is now officially the best model in the world on the benchmarks. The scary part is we are at the point and the reason this article is on AGI is because we've reached the point on there where it can basically do every knowledge worker job. That's how good it's gotten and that's
where this is. About a year ago, I think we were around the 40% level. We're now at 100. We are at the agentic side and that's what AGI stands for is artificial general intelligence. Their definition is when is it smart enough to replace all jobs, do all jobs. It won't be rolled out that way. We're not going to see all these job losses, but we are at a different stage. The most important podcast for you guys to listen to, if you pick one for this week, absolutely listen to the artificial intelligence show, the one they did called Open Face, uh, Open AI Hugging Face. You need to understand what's going on. And this open AI hugging face thing, I had so many people reach out. I had very very uh well-known people reach out specifically on this and again my opinion on this is it's part hype and it's part reality of the agentic side. It's not a negative thing. There will be hackings. I say it every
week on this show. There will be significant hackings in the traditional fiat world, not in crypto. Will there be hackings in apps in crypto? Of course. Will there be crypto or Bitcoin hacks? No, not not not till we get to quantum, but this was not just a hack story. This was about how agents are working, how smart they are, and where we are. And this was using supposedly Astra. So, you have to listen to what they describe. They read through some reports which came out and released over the week that got everyone excited and worried. Some agents actually sacrificed their own goals for the collective. I talked about this with Pomp today. This is amazing because I've managed hundreds of people. I I can't remember a time where someone's willing to sacrifice their job for the betterment of everyone else. They might sacrifice in terms of something. But the difference between AI agents and why
this is so powerful is because they're working in teams of 1,200 to accomplish a goal. That's where we are now with the swarm. You have to pay attention to this because this changes the mental model from AI assistant to AI organization. This is exactly the moment in time where crypto matters. Browser agents matter. Now, if you don't know how to go in, they tell you what you need to do in codeex. You have no time to wait anymore. As a worker, as an employee, as a college student, you have to be able to do this now. If you want to stay in the top 5%, don't try to get an A on every paper. try to know how to do this. My son has already proved in the success of his side and what he's been able to build. You can do this, especially as a 21-year-old to 22 year old, but even a 16-year-old. For all of you parents that reach out and want me to talk to your child, I would love to be able to do that.
I don't have the time. I'm a one-man band, except for Mark Whailing that's helped me. It's me, guys. For business leader, it becomes the workflow design. So, if you're at a big company or an RAIA and you're telling me that you're using Anthropic, you're falling behind. That's what this says. If your major plan is to give everyone Anthropic, you are falling behind. That's not a joke. That is a reality. We are on AI agents now. We are past all of that stuff. So, if you're not focusing on how to have workflows redesigned and you're just giving people tools, your business is going to be slower than the AI native ones that are running with this. You can call me up but at a minimum you have to start subscribing to this. I will do a presentation for your FAS. People need to start using it and that is the reason for the prompts but this is the mindset you have to listen to this podcast to start for
families for your educations for your careers. Like I said they go through Bill Gates he he published something where he shifted and again I hate perma anybody. I hate perma bulls. I hate perma bears. If you can't be serious and talk about both sides of the equation, what value do you bring? So, I just don't listen. The reason this is an important thing is from Bill Gates is because he shifted his view. He shifted his view because agents have now entered and he they are moving so fast that there is no way that we can keep people on the other side. People can't adopt it as fast as being replaced. This will become normal now. So, the only way to defend yourself is to learn how to use it while you're at the job and do it at home. There's ways to learn. The takeaway from all of this is not panic. It's time to prepare both for AI but also for crypto. That is what this is. This is the new world
and the next three years are going to be insane. On this podcast, they talk about how OpenAI and Enthropic are telling you that the next year will be worth four years of AI progress. The last four years is the AI progress, guys. That's chat GPT to AI agents. It took a long time to get here. Now, it's accelerating at such a fast pace that a year from now, it will blow your mind. Three years from now with humanoids, it'll blow your mind. If you're doubting it, if you just go into action, you go, "Yeah, yeah, you're just talking about stuff that's never going to happen." That's not helping you and it's not helping your children. And I'm just telling you, as someone who got into finance as the son of a construction worker who didn't want to siphon gas with his mouth, who didn't want to get electrocuted, who didn't want to have no hearing, who didn't want to I was handed a book and it was the
power of compounding. I'm going to tell you again and again, crypto plus tokenization will allow you to take the money that you're making and not save it, compound it. The days of saving your money and having your 401k go at 10% was about a world where you could start at 20,000 and then you go to 50,000 and you go to 100 and your 401k would help you. Those were days in the 1980s, 1990s. We've been running into this problem which is why everyone is barely making money on they're not actually making and saving and having money work for them. Crypto and tokenization will allow you to do this. Gavin Baker podcast. Another one. I'm not going to give you everything on this, but I am going to say this part from 1715 to 2034. Grockbot style agents are described as a new consumption shock. That is the critical part right there. From chatbots to agents. Again, most of you are still stuck in this area.
If you've actually started using Claude code and you've been doing coding assisting and you've been building some of the things that I put in there, for those of you who built the Jensen Yuang knowledge brain and I said if you build this, this will open a gateway. Many of you have reached out and talked about multiple brains you built, including mine that if you haven't done that yet, sign up. Go to the subscriber thing. And by the way, I'm not putting anything in this on this. Go to VisseryLabs. Visser-labs.com. You can get to the site, but I gave people in there a prompt for building a Jensen Senuang knowledge brain. Last week, I gave you a Grockpot prompt. These prompts once you start using them and you know how to do them, they lead to this one, which is the personal workflow agent to read, to summarize, compare, recommend, ask permission. This is where we are now. The compute needs on
this massively more than what's over here. financial agents, you will be blown away by what's going to happen. And this is where the crypto side comes in. So this is the merging happening right here. We had to get the IQ up to get to this point. Then we went to the coding agents, but now we're in the personal and the workflow agents. That means we need financial agents and that's what's beginning to happen now. And that's where crypto fits in. And that's why crypto is rallying. X's AI tool, Grock, now allows users to buy or lend crypto with Moonay integration. So again, I'm highlighting the fact that every week there's a new thing with Grockbot being integrated. Grockbot, Stripe can now purchase anywhere with Link. If you haven't tried Grockbot, you should. It's very good. It can now buy things on the internet. Here's what I'm giving you this week. So the agentic or the yeah the agentic 100
name thematic portfolio which I'm saying in my opinion is bottoming and starting to go higher again building a base. If I want to go look for names that are in there I wanted to create something in Grockbot. So I created more agents. So Jarvis, I sat down with Jarvis and I said I want to do something new and I want you to create the agents that go through. So it created new agents created pattern scout. created universe clerk and now we're uploading this. This is a daily postclo chart pattern screen of the AI macro nexus 100 in Grockpot. So this will use Yahoo Finance. It will go into Yahoo Finance and it will look for all 100 names in the IO macro nexus book, scan each chart for classical bullish and bearish patterns and then it will tell you what's changed today every day. That's what this will do. So this way you can go if you want to trade names and you want to find things that are positive
and the ones you should go do your own technical work in. I'm not telling you to buy anything. I'm showing you how you can use this and then incorporate it in the way that you guys look at it. That's the way you can do it. April of last or April of this year, Mark Andre gave a podcast. I didn't show this. It's in uh latent space around April 4th. I I didn't show it back then, but I listened to it. Um I remember I was in LA or I just come back. The reason I didn't show it is because everything he talked about to me that was important was basically from the 50inute mark to the 55. Agents were happening but it wasn't happening with payments yet. So it was a crypto thing for me. AI is the crypto killer app. Basically his point AI is the crypto killer app. It's the app that makes crypto start to blow up. It's gets it's the crypto side. Crypto is not made for human beings. The first phase of crypto
was all about developing it to be something embraced by humans. But eventually AI agents needed the digital payments. They needed stable coins. They didn't need Bitcoin. They needed tokenization. They didn't need Bitcoin. Bitcoin is part of the ecosystem. Which is why I show you guys how Bitcoin equals the ecosystem. It always will. Just like the S&P 500 equals the EOS ecosystem of the US economy. The agent economy is Bitcoin. plain and simple for me. You guys don't have to agree, but that's just a reality for me. I've proved it to myself and I've gone through this. The early internet never solved native payments. Andre says payments will get solved now because crypto exists. He's saying if crypto wasn't before agents, we wouldn't be there. Crypto had to happen, which is why he wrote the paper or the op-ed in 2014 called Why Bitcoin Matters. It was all about these things. This is not something
new for him. He was preparing for this day. This is the grand unification or the merge of AI and crypto. It's why I say Bitcoin is the purest AI hedge. It works because AI destroys all businesses. All businesses. You don't need human beings. So new businesses will have five people, 10 people. They will be small. They will grow from nothing. Which is why you have to have an entrepreneurial mindset. And your kids have to learn how to do that. They have to be entrepreneurs. They have to fail and they have to get back up. You know what that's like? Trading. That's why I'm doing this stuff. They have to get involved with crypto, with tokenization, with understanding AI because it's about building something, it not working, getting another name, building it again. You have to come up with idea after idea after idea. And going into a classroom and listening to a boring professor who's telling you
one person's opinion will not get you there. AI will allow you to talk with a hundred agents, whatever you want. The grand unification crypto's mass market use case may not start with humans wanting to use. It needs agents. Agents obviously need money. The future is already here. The joke hides in serious risk. Agents need financial guard rails. Mark Andre is the man for this. And this is the way to look at it. Not humans, but AI agents will be the biggest users of crypto. So think about that. If you believe that crypto volumes are going to explode, that everything is going to be tokenized and that AI agents will be the biggest users of crypto, that means we are about to see billions of consumers. So, what I want you to do is equate crypto to tokens. As token usage happen, what happened to the AI infrastructure? What's going to happen to the crypto infrastructure? Regardless of what happens
with the Clarity Act, it doesn't matter. The only reason it matters is because if the US wants to remain the leader in something, they have to have the Clarity Act to get the capital from the pension funds and from the insurance companies. All Clarity does is give the regulation and basically the seal of approval for pension funds and for people to go, okay, crypto is now accepted on this form. They're still going to be involved in Bitcoin and things like that, but to involve themselves in the market, they can't worry that all of a sudden a new administration is going to take over and they're going to put crypto backwards by four years again. I don't think that's going to happen, but that's the risk. Crypto didn't lack a use case. It lacked a native user. AI creates it. So, here are the charts. Bitcoin up to the technical level I mentioned and showed. We're hanging in. We're consolidating.
We're doing a great thing here. We have this big gigantic raise here. And then we have this sideways action, very bullish. And in dinners I went to this week and in talking to people, both who've been, I'd say, major winners in Bitcoin or in crypto. And then people that are active in it and regular people on the street that I run into, the ideologues don't believe in it nearly as much. So they've bailed out or they've reduced significantly. That's my silent IPO the thesis. The other side is most people did not catch this move because of the frustration that had gone on here and they didn't want to fall into it. The they were asking if it's going to fall back to the 60s. Most people believe this was going to bottom in October. It seems to be getting away. I don't think you're going to get the chance. That's just me. Here's Ethereum again. The 200 day turned up in Bitcoin. It also turned up
here. I went through the numbers last week based on history. This is a great time to be involved in these chartwise. It's a great time. Here's Salana. These are the three horsemen that I'll be showing every week on the crypto side along with the crypto portfolio of 46, a combination of six stocks and 40 tokens. It might grow, it might change. I'm working on what it's going to go through, but that video will start at sometime this month. Um, so Salana, same thing. 200 day is now pointed upward and we're trading higher and we're consolidating at this level. If you want to know what quartertoate performance is, if you haven't been in crypto, and remember I told you I've been I had been started rotating in May into June, out of Micron, out of these things. My AI stuff is smaller than crypto by a good amount, especially when you beta adjust it. So, it's been a very good time for the Jordy portfolio
since June. Most of it happening here. But here are the quarterly returns to date. So, this is what you're dealing with if you're sitting there at a mutual fund, at an asset management, at a hedge fund, and you're not trading this. Ethereum up 56% quarter to date. Salana up 38. Bitcoin up 36. The S&P 500 up three, NASDAQ down three, SMH down 14. Do I think these are going higher between now and the end of the year? Yes. But I'm going to tell you, earnings are growing at 30% a year. These things are growing at half of that. This is my double debasement story. I'm gonna keep saying it. Crypto is going to take a high percentage of the fiat asset over the course of the next five years because of the disruption from AI and the need for the government to prevent rates from going higher and to make sure that the K-shaped economy is kept in check. Robin Hood stock soarses thanks to Wall Street. Robin
Hood is part of the 46name crypto portfolio. If you didn't read what happened, they were upgraded by multiple places and one of the reasons is because of their new layer 2 chain. So they are heavily involved in stock token trades. So we are already in tokenization. In just six weeks, a billion a half dollars trades sounded like science fiction two years ago. Here are the numbers. Looks kind of like the token expansion in AI. Look at this happening now. Okay. All in August. Here's the RWA market. The reason I wanted to show this, this is growing too. And it's grown 18 times. Now, the real world asset market has mainly been the building of the collateral here with the stuff that Black Rockck has done, the things that uh Franklin Templeton has done, all Tro all of these places. But they're doing money market funds. They're gradually getting into things. This is the collateral in there. This
was the first phase. Now we're starting to get into not just tokenized stocks, tokenized equity for sports teams. South Korea is saying they'll be ready by or starting 2027, February 4th. This is not a US thing. I showed Japan last week. South Korea, this is a race now to make sure that you're still involved in capital. If you haven't read anything about PERS, here's something from a A16Z uh crypto. You have to start reading this stuff and start realizing this. The catalyst for this was Iran. The catalyst for this was SpaceX and Anthropic perpetual futures. The ability to trade things 247 365. The ability to not have to deal with roles on futures. You have to understand this stuff because all of these financial innovations are happening. Here's where we are now. The tokenization roadmap. Legacy finance before tokenization. This old slow system. Crypto smart contracts are basically created.
All of these things are value. Then we get into the bridge being built. Tradfi goes, "Okay, we're here. The government accepts it. Now we're going to start getting into this over the next 12 months and then into 2030. This is where crypto benefits dramatically." This is where portfolios, wallets, everything starts to happen. And you have a decentralized, democratized ability of ownership where you can go buy something that is small. you can go buy anything, IP trades, all of this. This is a completely different world. So, this is not something that you can sit there like with AI and be like, "Okay, I understand it. I I guess you have to put the work in." And that's what I'll be spending the time. And that's what I've been doing myself for all of this time. This is the reason I chose not to go to a hedge fund. It was because I didn't want to manage people. I didn't want to work for investors.
I didn't want to work for management. I didn't want to go through that anymore. But I also believe that I could be an entrepreneur and I could make the money I'm making and benefit from AI and crypto, which is what's been going on. This is why I talk to you guys on this. I'm not stuck behind a desk forced to do certain stupid things and not be able to use the tools. I can use every AI tool, and I do use every AI tool. I have multiple computers, multiple Mac minis. I understand crypto far more than I did two years ago. So that's why people reach out to me and that's why I'm telling you right now is the time the convergence is happening. Not three months ago, not six months. That's why those charts look like that. Tokenization is growing now. I just showed you the Robin Hood stable coin that the RA Robin Hood onchain that's happening now. AI trades stuck in the mud. We've seen V explode in
the AI names. They've already had their run from this point. There's all kinds of risk associated with Micron. Do I think it'll double between now and the and next year? Probably. But a doubles not 10 times. That trade has already happened. Policy wants it higher and they want rates in check. We just started to see this with the yen side the same week as the AI trade gets stuck in the mud or ends up blowing up with Liupold. The tape breaks out on the back of this. Then we have the rise of agents beginning. I show you Astra. I show you Grockbot. They're all happening now. And the governments are if clarity act gets voted through. I think you're going to see an immediate next leg to this. You have to be ready for this. The G20 talked about it. The Jackson Hole Symposium. It was throughout that. This is not just a US thing. Best involved around the globe. I know what the Japanese are planning
on doing. Robin Brooks, bond yields are going higher. I wrote this paper. The age of abundant intelligence and scarce Bitcoin. Two presses running at once. This is the key to crypto. This is the key for you to pay attention to. We are seeing multiple impression in the S&P 500 because of AI. Terminal value is being changed. So PE's come down. At the same time, the government is in there debasing. Don't listen to people saying inflation's running too hot. The Fed has to go on a tightening cycle and all this stuff. The market's not saying that right now. If it was going to happen and the market was worried about it, we'd see it. Earnings are growing rapidly. This is what happens. And now we have crypto starting the move. Until we break out, we haven't gone through it. Once we get above 82 and we're above there, I think there's going to be a chase factor, particularly as you go through this.
The Fed meeting has now taken on extreme importance because if the market trades higher after the Fed raises rates, I don't think it's going to stop from that point. If they don't do anything, then I think you're gonna see the market trade higher. So, right now, because it's already built into the market, I think you're playing a game here with the midterm seasonality. Um, in this paper, I talk about the double debasement. I talk about the printing intelligence. I'm bringing that up so you guys can go read it. You can catch up if you haven't paid attention. These are all substacks. These are all out there. All of my writings in crypto will now be part of the subscriber side. I will do one a month for the loyal sub uh substack people that have been there. So, I will release one a month. That'll be a thematic thing similar to this, but the majority of my papers are going to be on the subscriber
payw wall. Um, the silent IPO is over. Bitcoin AI and the Collision of Time. I highly recommend reading this one. This is the one I wrote on the first week of August. Handicapping the future. This one goes through how I think about Bitcoin and how I've gone through to think about converting it into probability. So, I'm going to end this here. For those of you who don't know, my father trained me in handicapping horses. He told me not to look he told me to not look for the winner. Always look for value. If there is no edge in the race, sit it out. So what that means is if I find something that I think is 100 to one, which is what I think Bitcoin is. It's not just a winner. I don't need to put that much money in something that's 100 to1 to have a great payoff. That's the way I've approached it. Annie Duke, the edge is in disciplined thinking. If you believe in bit, don't believe in Bitcoin
today and you didn't believe in it 10 years and you haven't thought about it or gone through it, you're not being disciplined in your thinking. Charlie Munger said, "The world was a paramutual system, which means you can convert everything back into odds because it reflects people's positioning. Prices reflect how capital's position. The crowd sets the odds." I believe that mispricing appears when the crowd misses something. I'm showing you what I think the crowd is missing. They're not using AI. The people that have most of the world's money and they don't believe in crypto. They're missing what's happening. They don't understand it, which is fine. It creates the opportunity. Paul Tudtor Jones, great trade start before consensus. That is my third wave start. That is where I believe in Elliot wave terms. Great trade start before consensus. Right now, people are depressed. Both people that
have been there, the ideologues and the silent IPO. You don't have to agree with me on this, but I'm giving you my thesis and laying out how I approach it. Stan, good idea. No positioning equals opportunity. Perfect. This is where I think we are right now. Size the bet without blowing up. So that gets into the probability. So this is the way I'm going to finish it. If you believe that there is at least a 5% chance that crypto is going to benefit from AI agents and as a AI agents grow, they're going to be nuding this and the ecosystem is going to continue to grow because tokenization is going to happen or else it's going to go. What is your position in Bitcoin? What is your position in crypto? If it's zero right now, do you think there's at least a 5% chance that it happens? If you think there's a 5% chance, you should have 5% of your money in it in my opinion. That's my opinion. That is not
advice for you. But for everyone out there who's thinking about this, if you think there's a 10% chance it should happen, I think you should have a 10% chance. If you're looking to make money because you have money or because you're young and you have time to make back money you can lose and you want to put more, that's your choice. I do believe that right now is a good riskreward. If we take out the lows, I'm out. I don't want to be involved anymore until we go back and we break back above the 200 day moving average. But for now, that's what I believe. That's how I get to those thoughts. Disclosures. Again, read them on your own. I'm not here to guarantee things. I'm not here to have you buy the names that I buy. I trade them. I'm involved in them. For the RAAS, reach out. Remember, go to viser-labs, visserylabs.com. You can find out how to get involved. But remember, it is important right
now for you to be involved in AI agents and to be involved in crypto. I will start my AI plus crypto YouTube which will be separate. It'll go up and go up to subscribers beginning towards the end of the month. For now guys, have a great weekend and I will see you next