Bitcoin's fallen back to $82,000. But we have some big fundamental news. Samsung bringing crypto to 82 million people. And that's just one of the big pieces of news that we have today. We have a great guest who actually hasn't been on the show before. We have Nick Dukeov from Salana Foundation. We're going to obviously talk about that Samsung news and a lot more. Let's go. That's dope. >> Let's do >> Good morning everybody and happy Thursday to all of you who celebrate. We just had one of the funnier technical issues that we've ever had on this show. We were sitting here with our background on this amazing LED screen and all of a sudden it turned literally into Sesame Street and we realized we bought this screen uh from Sesame Street a year ago and I think that they've remotely taken over our screen and might have hacked us. They're probably going to take all our crypto. Oscar is truly a
grouch. Nick, sorry to bring you on with that kind of amazing introduction. I just didn't expect to have Sesame Street in my background right before the show. How are you, man? >> I'm doing great. Thanks for having me on. >> You're welcome. So, listen, before we dive into the deeply Salana stuff, we have this interesting conversation once again emerging about crypto security that I think is top of mind in the news. Here's the article on Coindesk. Bitcoin slips below 83,000 as Ethereum researchers bunker mode call divides crypto. We obviously for some reason have a very strange view there. uh bunker mode uh divides crypto. So this is now obviously the same guy Justin Drake from the Ethereum Foundation who was talking a lot about quantum and has been a part of that debate now saying that we're basically seeing a massive acceleration in AI and we could just get classical hacks that could put
our crypto at risk without even getting to the point of quantum. I have to imagine that this is something that you guys have top of mind at Salana. uh not necessarily this specific debate but the risk of quantum and AI. So I mean how do you frame what's going on right now and if this is actually an acceleration? >> So uh Salana has terrific quantum resistance. Um something that you know we're constantly working on on the technical side. Uh the rally cry for Salana of course is to increase bandwidth and reduce latency making it the highest performant um lowest cost most scalable uh blockchain network in the world. And quantum resistance of course is important for resilience and security and is uh something um that we take very seriously. >> Do you think that the risk is accelerating because of AI? Now quantum is quantum. >> I think the world is getting weirder at a very rapid pace and um but
I think that's on both sides of the ball, right? You you've got offense, you've got defense and and I think it's accelerating on both sides of the ball. Do you guys I mean is quantum do you view that as a major risk in and of itself even outside of the AI because that was a huge part of the debate in the first place as well. >> Like I said I think it's something that um the core devs take very seriously and are are constantly ensuring that Salana has best practices for. >> Okay let's dive into this Samsung news because it's it's really big. Samsung integrates USDC to overhaul crossber remittances for 82 million Galaxy users. So, this is right into the 82 million phones that are out there. Eligible users will be able to send USDC abroad or send local currency payouts to bank accounts in more than 60 countries starting late October. I think the most compelling part of this news, which is what
we're seeing with most of these integrations, is it entirely abstracts away the crypto side, right? This is just in your Samsung wallet that you have on your phone and you have no idea that it's happening with USDC. You have no idea that it's happening on Salana. You're just moving money. >> 100% right. You know, we're entering a tokenization super cycle. Uh the vision that Salana has for internet capital markets, which is connecting the world's six billion internet users with the world's uh many terrific productive assets, including the US dollar, uh is a foot. And I think this is great um headway towards that goal. Uh prior to this announcement, there was 13 million stable coin holders on Salana. There's about 15 billion stable coins in circulation on Salana. for this announcement today with Samsung bringing Salana stable coins to another 80 plus mil million users is incredible and and
ultimately there's two billion uh Samsung holders in the world Samsung device holders in the world and I'd love to think that uh one day they're all uh using Swan stable coins. >> So let me ask you this. How do these partnerships and announcements come together? I've never really asked anyone this. to Samsung, you know, call Salana and say, "Hey, we're, you know, thinking about doing this thing. Are you the guys the blockchain or should we doing this somewhere else?" Is there a competitive pitches from multiple foundations? I always wonder how they end up choosing or do they just choose in a vacuum because they do a little bit of research and say it's faster, cheaper, and this is the way to to approach it. >> Yeah. Well, I I think that's increasingly happening. Um and it's it's it's thanks to the great work that not only uh Salana team members but the millions of Salana ecosystem uh contributors
all over the world um help advance. So, uh, Salon is the most used blockchain in the world. And if you're looking at, you know, how to, uh, get distribution for your product, if you're looking for, uh, a technology that is proven to be resilient and scalable, I think increasingly large institutions like Samsung, uh, look at Salon and say, "Hey, this is fit for purpose. This is a good blockchain, uh, for us to build on. This is something we can trust." And then they see others like we had an announcement uh, DBP program with JP Morgan last week. you know, when the largest bank in the world uh is building on Salana, I think that provides a lot of um air cover for executives at other institutions to say, "Hey, maybe we should be building on Salana, too." >> It's weird because I thought it was just for meme coins. >> Well, listen, memecoins proved the technology. Um I I remember vividly when
the Trump memecoin dropped and in a single day, uh Moon Pay KYCed three million investors to buy the Trump token. And you know there's there's not you know many networks that can stand up to that uh type of uh usage and and not even hiccup. >> Let me ask you when some of when something like that happens obviously those people come for a very specific reason. They're non-crypto native. They came because they want to support Trump and hold the memecoin. How many of those people would you say just you know ballpark end up sticking around and doing something else in crypto? not necessarily on Salana, but you know, you got three million people in KYC. They buy the Trump token, they buy it, it goes down. Is that a, you know, is it a window into more activity or do they just basically do that one thing? >> Well, that's a great question, Scotty. And I think, you know, as with anything, somebody has
to do one thing before they do end things. And so, you know, whatever it is that brings a user to Salana for the first time, whether it's meme coins, prediction markets, stable coins, uh, real world assets, gaming, you know, there's so many different things that people can do on the Salana blockchain. and um whatever it is that brings them for the first time once they use Salana um it just feels like everything else they use on the internet it's it's fast it's it's um uh highly performant it it kind of just um fades away into the background something that you said about the Samsung initiative and I think that's why Salon is the chain of choice for for so many users and so many institutions >> yeah that UXUI problem to me has through every cycle been the major elephant in the room for crypto adoption and now it just seems like crypto adoption is happening at infrastructure and plumbing, right?
And I think that that was always the boring path that it was going to end up having to take, right? Like a grandma was never going to, you know, like uh go download a MetaMask wallet to figure out how to move a stable coin and figure out her private keys. Right? Now it's just your Samsung wallet. >> Exactly. >> Okay. So, talk about Samsung's adding this specifically for crossborder payments and remittances is what they're saying. How that that seems oddly specific for the announcement. It feels like this would just be they're integrating stable coins for anything, right? Is it is there some specific functionality crossber payments really is the killer use case? Like I'll give you an example. Um I was in Europe recently with some friends from all over the world and you know we were settling up um after splitting a bill and uh you know my accounts are in US dollars you know if somebody else's
accounts are in British pounds and another person's accounts are in euros and another person's accounts are in Japanese yen um you know their their actual bank accounts that's actually like very hard to move money you know via you know something like a a Vinmo or or or something more traditional. Of course, Vinmo now supports PYUSD on Salon, and so they're trying to do the same same thing as Samsung. But with stable coins, you can pay or remit um US dollars to anyone anywhere in the world. And I think that's really the power of stable coins today. We we obviously are seeing and and expect to see more utilization of stable coins for merchant payments, for uh bill payments, for um you know, institutional DVP and and and wholesale payment of money. But you know today I think crossber is the killer use case and that's why western union that's why biceerve that's why moneygram um have all built
on salana. So we have this interesting situation where we have the Salanas and the Ethereums and the decentralized protocols that crypto people have come to love obviously with massive adoption of stable coins and tokenized equities but we also have the incumbents entering the race right so you have a consortium of the biggest banks and institutions on the planet launching their own stable coin which was announced you know two weeks ago you have the community and regional banks launching bank chain whatever that one was because they're afraid of being squeezed by that bigger chain by the big banks and crypto on the other side and then you have open USD from a consortium once again and I don't believe in these consortiums can necessarily be successful but from a consortium of fintexs led by stripe right and you have arc with tempo so it seems like there's all the this major bifurcation of
the way that people are going to approach stable coin adoption how much of that will naturally acrue to a salana versus some walled garden that one of these consortiums creates because they don't want it to end up on a you know decentralized open protocol. Well, you mentioned OUSD that launched on Salana with I think the deepest liquidity and and that's, you know, one of the main reasons people choose Salana. You know, kind of reason one would be the technology. There's there's nothing more proven and performant as Salana for that type of use case. And then the second thing is distribution. Um Salana is the most used blockchain in the world. Has users all over the world. Um and I that's ultimately what um these issuers are looking for is people to you to use the product that they bring on chain. Um the thing I say all the time is like Maslo's kind of hierarchy of blockchain is something like
at the at the bottom is like the basic needs like is it is it fast is it cheap then it's like is it useful does it have utility then it is it a delight to use that's the top of the pyramid and I think Salana hits the mark on on all of those. Yeah, the old trillemma, right? But uh the but I had had a conversation years ago with Tuli actually and I think I kind of made like a Lord of the Rings joke, you know, one chain to rule them all and he very flat out said years ago, yes, we can do that. You don't need any other blockchains that everything can happen on Salana. Is that still like the general approach even in context of all these things that you're seeing launched? So, you know, uh I'm a stoic with respect to my philosophy. Like there's things within our control, there's things outside of our control. I think within the sphere of control that the Salana Foundation has like we're still very
committed to the original vi vision that Toli and and Salana co-founders had, which is this this idea of a global state machine where there can be a single venue where all liquidity uh can be and all users can be. That said, you know, people are going to do, you know, what what they need to do um, you know, to meet, you know, various um, needs for their business. And that may include private blockchains. Uh, that may include other chains that may be fit for purpose for a very particular use case. Um, but the good news is that Salana is interoperable with all of them and is increasingly the place where um, ultimately these these uh, assets settle. And so I think that's the important thing about the tokenization super cycles. Even if something may you know kind of like originate somewhere else ultimately I think it's going to trade uh and or settle on the Salana public blockchain. >> So I I
assume with the Salana Foundation you have to be laser focused in certain verticals that you believe will be the next you know uh places to target for meaningful adoption. It sounds like stable coins and tokenization are pretty much those verticals right? Are there others that I'm missing? >> Well, I mean, within within tokenization, obviously tokenized equities is a very exciting one. We got the innovation exemption from the SEC a couple weeks ago and and just today um the Wall Street Journal uh announced uh that Securitize is bringing um tokenized stock trading for US investors on the Salana blockchain for a dozen or so uh equities uh the fang stocks uh and the big AI hyperscalers. very exciting um that securitize chose Salana uh to to do this. Um and the the key thing here is the uh tokenized uh stocks will be available to us investors. Historically to date uh most of these tokenized equities
have been available to non US um holders and securitize has done um you know the hard work over many years to uh have the regulatory infrastructure to support uh this type of initiative. And the article also mentions that uh it is planned for these stocks on Salana to trade in the uh tokenized stock venue the TSV uh that NY is launching with OKX. You're wearing an OKX hoodie right now. So that's good news uh for the hoodies as well. >> It is I was going to ask you about that because this so clearly even though the innovation exemption is not officially a rule uh a lot of people are moving forward as if it will be right. So it seems like that's a a foregone conclusion as far as OKX and NIS and ICE are certainly concerned and securitized here. I didn't get a chance to really dig into this story because you basically told me two minutes before we went on that this had happened. And I completely
missed it when it says Securitize is rolling out tokenized stocks for US investors and that's the big unlock specifically. How does this work? Where is Securitize making these available to US investors? >> So on if you go to Securitize's website, you can KYC and then um buy the the stocks. You put your wallet in and and you buy the stocks or uh I believe they also have a their own wallet that you can use as well. Um I'm sure um more to come on on how this all will be rolled out, but very exciting. Um and um you know, Salana is the place for tokenized equities. I think something like 95% of all tokenized equities trading volume happens on Salana today. >> Yes. I honestly didn't know that you like Securitize had a retail front end that you could go into to actually do this. So that's actually big news to me in and of itself and feels like the first test case before this hits Schwab in E Trade
and we're doing the same things there, right? Because once securitizer one of them proves a model and makes it available to us investors, that's going to put everybody else on notice that this is coming. >> Well, and you mentioned Schwab Trade. Both of them currently have a capability for soul uh which had been announced and so um you can imagine that SPL tokens which is the tokenization uh program on Salana uh to enable the um you know buy sell hold of something like tokenized equities or other real world assets would be enabled too. >> This stuff is happening so fast it's crazy. How long have you been at Salana Foundation? >> Uh just under three and a half years. >> Okay. So like did you when you took that uh you know took that position and took that on did you have a timeline in mind for all of these things and all these things that are happening were those at top of list for what you
wanted to see happen when you joined because to me it feels like we're doing the hockey stick thing where it was kind of flat and everybody talked about it and now it's just you know vertical >> you know listen I we we always want it to be faster and and want more at the within the Salana ecosystem. So um you know there's a lot more work to be done but I think where we are today is a great um foundation for for for more to come. >> So I I read something you said you said seven of the 29 globally global system systemically important banks are building on Salana and you expect that to be half within a year what like a I mean who is it and b what are they doing like when it's you know when we say building on Salana what are they building on Salana? Yeah. So, Morgan Stanley has a sole ETF. They also have uh buy, sell, hold on Erade. Uh JP Morgan issued commercial paper. Galaxy's commercial paper
and and did that trade on Salana with Franklin Templeton and Coinbase buying it. Um in December, uh they have a money fund on Salana and the DBP program I mentioned for settlement of of securities transactions. Uh city uh issued a white paper on a trade finance pilot they did on the Salana network. A society general has a euro stable coin. State Street has a money fund. Uh, Standard Chartered has custody for Salana. Um, BNY has a range of offerings from custody, stable coin mint, burn, and fund administration. And stay tuned for um, some big announcements at our flagship Breakpoint conference in London, November 16th and 17th. You're not going to want to miss that. >> It's my 50th birthday. >> Happy birthday. >> Well, not yet, but I'm gonna be 50. >> You don't look a day over 40. I I I'm told I don't look a day over 48, but you know, whatever. I'll take I'll take Don't look a day over 40.
I I mean, listen, I have some friends who are 50 and they they they look old. So, I I'll take that as a win. Um so, uh is there any high anything that you can preview us that we might uh hear about at Breakpoint? >> You know, listen, there'll be some other announcements between now and then, but you're you're going to want to show up in London. Uh it's our biggest event of the year. Last year was in Abu Dhabi. We had over 7,000 attendees from over 100 countries. We expect a similar uh showing this year in in London and um uh we hope to see you there, Scott. So I I had a conversation with Carlos from Securitize going going back to that news when we were at consensus and I brought up the fact that you know it was huge news that the DTCC was going to be settling on tokenized rails and you know throughout the 4.7 quadrillion a year in settlement or whatever lud ludicrous number that was and he
sort of made the point that that wasn't very exciting. He said, you know, for DTTC to do this, it's just literally them like updating their computers and technology and their plumbing, and that really will not acrue to anybody else, and it's very much a closed garden. This goes back to the question I asked before about sort of the pushpull beside between choosing a public blockchain or or creating a private one. Is there a world where a lot of this ends up on these private blockchains and we don't really get to participate? >> Like I said, I ultimately think the settlement is going to happen on public rails. Um so I do believe that even if some of the orchestration happens on private ledger that ultimately people will want to um settle um on a public blockchain because that's where the liquidity is that's where the on and off ramps are. You know that's that's that's where the connectivity
is and I think Salana will be the the winner there. Um I also think that for tokenized equities you know there's a few emergent models. You've mentioned and we we talked about secure ties and then of course DTC. You've got the rapper model that has where you know they essentially create a structure to make their tokens permissionless and available to global investors. You've got securitize taking a very regulated approach as a transfer agent. Um you know they they've got an an announced partnership with computer share uh and then the TSV with um OKX and and and ICE. And then you've got uh the entitlement model that DTC has where you know it's uh held in street name um and they're providing additional utility uh for those uh tokenized equities. So you know I don't know exactly how it's going to play out but I think that Salana B will be a winner regardless. Yeah, I I mean I tend to agree.
I think it'll all generally go to uh the superior blockchains and I don't think that's going to be DTCC DTCC chain, you know, personally. And you can already see the growth here. I mean, I have this for Salana. Justin took equities on Salana hit an all-time high of 1.2 million holders with 775,000 joining in September alone. Like there's that hockey stick. This is to me it's just crazy. >> It's a good start. Um, you know, there's there's six billion internet users. Uh, we want to reach all of them. So, quite quite a long way to go. >> Who are these people? Like, you know, when you talk about 775,000 joining in September, is there a way that we can take a look and see what kind of investor these are? Are these the crypto natives that are, you know, like super interested in flipping meme coins and now they see a stock over there that they can get in their portfolio and so they're playing around?
Or are these long-term investors that have found a way to, you know, gain access to equities they didn't have before because they're somewhere in the world where they don't have access to US capital markets? Both. >> Yeah, I think it's all of the above, right? And um, you know, we're talking about US equities uh, for international holders. I think what we we'll also see more of is international equities being brought to US investors. Um it's highly inefficient um for US investors to access uh stocks outside of the US. So an example would be SKHEX. Uh the premium that you pay on an ADR is something like 30% uh for a share uh as traded uh in the US. And you know that's just fee capture that we've got to collapse. And I think that's where something like a Salana can really be helpful to drive costs down for investors around the world and and improve access to to assets as well. >> Any idea what
1.2 million holders, which I guess that's from October 2nd, so that's a week ago. I'm assuming it's doubled by now. Uh but any idea how much value that represents? >> So there's something I think in the order of like 700 million of tokenized equity supply right now. There's 4.3 billion of real world assets overall on Salana. Those are growing very very quickly. I think we started the year around a billion uh total real world assets. So forex uh growth within the year um and uh I would expect that to continue at least at that rate. >> So obviously we've talked about stablecoin, we've talked about tokenized equities. We had a lot of uh very compelling narratives in crypto in years past where you know whether via NFTts or tokenized versions of things we would start seeing our mortgages and our car payments and all these other things coming on chain those seem to be dwarfed by obviously the size
of capital markets coming on chain but are those still things that are happening maybe we can even just go through them you know NFTTS gaming metaverse all the fun that we had in the past like are any of those things still bubbling >> well I think I think the blockchain serves as a great um laboratory for financial innovation. And so this is why all these things have you know started on chain and um find a use case uh and ultimately as with all innovation there's you know a product life cycle where it goes through the trough of disillusionment and then ultimately finds um you know some sticky success and and I think we're past that trough of disillusionment for tokenized equities. There there was that trough for sure. People were saying is real assets even a thing? like you said, we were talking about this 5 years ago and then, you know, it kind of wasn't a thing and now it's popping off.
So, I think um the way to think about uh blockchain is it's it's really a laboratory for financial innovation. And some things will work, some things won't, but the things that work because of its interoperability and global connectivity can just go absolutely vertical. And that's what we're seeing with tokenized equities. And I think we'll see it with some of the other categories that you you talked about. Maybe their time wasn't right a year or two ago. Maybe it will be a year or two from now. >> Yeah. I mean, we that that's what we do in crypto, right? We we have a really good idea, we create 99% stupid things around that idea. It creates a massive bubble and then four to eight years later, we come back with the one killer thing from that idea that actually rises. But to to be fair, that's not entirely different than the dot bubble in the 90s. Right. >> Turns out the internet's a thing.
Turns out the internet's a thing, right? >> Yeah. The internet's a thing. And you know, you may have had 9,000 companies wash out, but the nine that emerged were the biggest companies in the world for the next few decades, >> right? >> I I think that's actually a pretty good correlary for for what's likely to happen here. I still don't see why G like I I never I don't understand why gaming hasn't happened. I thought that was one of the most natural fits for blockchain when you looked at how much money people were spending in game ecosystems to be able to take any of that value out. Well, I think I think gaming has happened, but maybe you know the framing of a game has changed. So, I would argue that a prediction market is a game and that's a game that is absolutely wildly successful and and it's largely thanks to to blockchain. So, maybe the definition of a game is as we were thinking about
it, you know, kind of with a controller playing like this, the financial markets game is is a different one. Um, just a >> future markets are really addictive. So, like, you know, I I uh >> I don't gamble too much, but I've had fun just kind of testing it out. I I I think that uh I can't tell if it's the greatest in innovation or if we're going down a very dangerous path of everybody gambling on everything all the time. >> Well, I'm sure you've seen some use cases which are really quite novel and exciting around um insurance. Have you seen like uh the bar in New York that um hedged against the New York Knicks winning the championship and offered everyone a free beer or whatever if they won and which they did and they had hedged and it was all good and bar was full. They made tons of money and I think that's a super cool innovative use case and I I think that's exactly what I mean when I talk
about the blockchain as a innovation lab for financial products. >> Yeah. I mean, and interestingly, like it's a lab for speculation, too. And some of that speculation turns into real things. I mean, 99% of what people have done in crypto is trying to buy something that they can sell for higher later, right? I don't think that that's that's a bad thing. But then the NYX kind of example comes out from me uh you know, gambling with leverage on the weather, >> which is ridiculous. >> Lot of new technologies look like toys when they first start getting started. So, uh, what else is exciting you right now in the market? >> You know, Samsung bringing Salana to 80 million wallets and secure ties bringing stocks to US investors. That's not enough for you, Scott. Come on. No, >> you never know. There might be something I don't even know about. >> Like I said, I, you know, welcome you and all the listeners
to join us in London, uh, mid- November for Breakpoint. We'll have a lot more announcements then. >> What do you think of the market right now? Uh, crypto market or stock market? >> Crypto market. I don't I can't even start to think about the stock market. I call every one of my hedge fund friends and stuff like every week and they're all like, I'm getting slaughtered. I don't know what's going on. I can't figure anything out. So, a consensus is that nobody understands the US stock market. But crypto, you know, seems to be having its little cycle thing. I was one of those cycles dead, four year cycles dumb people last October, and now I'm one of the dumb people who is wondering if we're just about to cycle up into the four-year cycle again. Well, you got a couple things happening and and yeah, I think the um crypto market is related to stock market at least to some extent. You had the hyperscalers
attracting all the liquidity in the world and that of course is partially liquidity coming from crypto markets and then now you've got the dollar debasement trade happening and I think in a bigger way you know us crossed that uh 40 uh uh threshold which you know put people um uh on edge and and you know we saw rates spike um and we saw crypto um start to um catch a bid after that. And so I I think you know two things are happening that are a bit intension and that's why crypto is chopping a little bit but um I like the setup. I you know ultimately I think the use cases are increasingly clear for blockchain. You know it's here to stay. Um more people are going to use it. More people are going to become familiar with it. More people are going to invest in it. And ultimately I think that's going to um drive prices up. >> You have a couple more minutes. I didn't look at the calendar for how much
she goes. There's actually I didn't talk about this uh yesterday because it just didn't end up being appropriate in a broader macro conversation, but sign of the times. Pudgy Penguins owner shuts down its abstract blockchain after tens of millions in losses. It seems like I guess with everything crypto, but we're having a natural consolidation now uh and that the layer 2 narrative beyond maybe you know those sponsored by major corporations uh is probably sort of dying. But I mean, did you expect that all these layer twos would eventually disappear, that we'd be seeing what we are in kind of the ancient blockchains dying space? I mean, I've been kind of uh I expected this, you know, to to some degree, not to them specifically, but I've been saying for a very while long while now, especially with AI and going back to the hacking conversation, that anything old that doesn't have like a robust
team and security budget is basically just going to get hacked and drained to zero or is going to disappear. Listen, I I think Salana um has been pretty resolute in the belief that um we're building towards a a global state machine, you know, single liquidity venue um with an incredibly highly performant blockchain. Um it's very hard to build and scale a blockchain. Um our president Lily sometimes jokes that she wouldn't wish it on her worst enemy. And you know I think um when Vidilik you know kind of abandoned the uh L2 roadmap it put a lot of pressure on on some of these networks but ultimately you know something like Apy you know their token is on Salana Securize uh even had a private chain uh called converge for some time and and they're now scaling on Salana. So I I think that um the phase of hey I'm going to run my own infrastructure and you know my my own technology platform. I I think
folks are recognizing it's hard enough um you know to do one thing really really well and and let let's let Salana do what they do really well which is you know being the the best blockchain in the world. >> Yeah. That's what makes me wonder even about OpenUSD and all of these consortiums and Arc from Circle and Tempo. Like I get that everybody wants their own blockchain. And I certainly understand why they would want to collect the fees instead of hand them elsewhere. But once again, when I saw all these layer twos sort of appearing in the last cycle, I said they're all the same thing. Like why why do we need another layer two? Like why do we need any of these things if you know the existing blockchains can already do everything that they're trying to build? Is there some new innovation that I'm missing from arc or tempo or abstract or you name it, right? >> Listen, we're we're we're going
to keep keep grinding and and I think the market's going to continue to recognize um you know, Salana's great tech and um they're going to launch tokens there. They're going to use it. They're going to build their applications there and um that's what we continue to see. It's funny. I remember it must have been 2021. The big conversation was, "Oh my god, there's going to be a billion people coming on chain and we not going to have the block space for them. Like, what are we going to do?" Oh, oh, oh, what was me? And now it's like, we have so much block space. We have so many chains. Who's going to use all these things? It was a complete flip. Like, everybody overbuilt, I think, because they thought they could make money on a token. And here we are. I I I would say slow than fast, right? It's like that chart that you pulled up where you know things are going vertical right now. Um you you
you know if you look at uh public infrastructure as a as a correlary um you know when uh cities add additional lanes on uh highways like car more cars come to use those additional lanes. So so I I do expect the traffic uh and and utilization will come and um uh you know Salana's ready for it. Yeah, I agree. I just don't think it'll come to L2 number 47. Okay, let me ask you one more question before I let you go. How much does the price of the asset impact the sentiment sentiment and how much do these fundamental things we're discussing actually end up impacting the price in the short term? >> Yeah. So um the utility token for a network and uh the adoption of that network whether we like it or not do tend to you know have some correlation. Um and crypto is a reflexive asset when it when it's going down it you know continues to go down. When it's up it it can continue to go up and um the I
would say the good news is that Salana ecosystem wins in both markets. Salana has a culture of uh building in the bear. Um we're an incredibly resilient ecosystem. Um you know when when times were very very hard after FTX and so went all the way down to $8. Um people did not stop building on the network and and that's why you see Salana where it is today. Um you know three or four years later from from from that um bare market. Um we've been in a bare market since the beginning of the year and and look at you know all of the incredible things that have happened um you know within the ecosystem during that time. um all of tokenized equities popping off you know folks like incredible institutions like JP Morgan and and Samsung adopting Salana and then when things are going up that's great too because you know more people start um learning about uh the token want to be curious about the technology
start using the network um they tell their friends and you know that of course you know creates more growth and adoption um last November um the first uh Salana ETPs came to market in the United states bitwise now has over a billion dollars of of aum in it you know kind of even you know amidst um you know most of that attracting most of that capital in a bare market so um I'm bullish uh I think Salana as an ecosystem is incredible um whether the price is low or high doesn't matter uh the builders keep building technology keeps hardening uh you usage keeps growing and um you know higher >> I mean I agree I just think it's so funny in crypto with any asset where I guess any asset but specifically crypto nothing's better marketing than higher prices like everything becomes easier after a 20% up week like all of a sudden Bitcoin's back is the key to the debasement trade uh you know over 24 hours
because it went from 60 to 75 you know and I just find it so hilarious that really at the end of the day people just need to see the price go up to start believing all the narratives that everybody's been screaming about the entire bare I also noticed you love tennis. >> I do love tennis. Are you a tennis player? >> I I was a prolific local high school tennis player. Uh I was number one on my local high school team. I was very good in my little vacuum. And if I went out to uh you know play super competitively, I got my ass whipped. But yeah, I love tennis. >> Well, we should get out and hit sometime. >> Yeah. Awesome. Where are all the hats? Are they they've just they >> those are all signed hats, you know, Ben Shelton. Um Lindsey Davenport, Andy Rodic. >> So Ben Shelton, Ben Shelton, uh I I lived in Gainesville, Florida for many years. That's where I grew up. He went to the University of
Florida. But when I was there about a year and a half ago, uh and uh I was I was hitting and he was hitting on the court next to me. >> I started smacking in his direction so I could say that I was hitting with Ben Shelton. >> So it was funny. Yeah, I'm the kind of guy who will do that. But yeah, he was he's an incredible Yeah, incredible tennis player. >> 150 mile per hour surf. >> Yeah, not bad. I wasn't uh returning those. That would kill me actually. I would die. Uh so Nick, really was great to have you on. Love to have you back uh in the notsodistant future. Really great perspective, man. Thank you very much. >> Thank you. >> All right, great. We had that that was a welltimed because obviously uh we had such big news today from from from Salana. But uh a lot of what Nick said and what we continue to hear from guests really does like align with the way that I've been uh viewing things
and assuming things would progress. I I hate seeing all of these older blockchains fail and I hate seeing people lose money, but I think it's just a natural uh part of what is coming, which is a consolidation of the blockchains. I just wanted to take a very quick look because Bitcoin obviously uh is looking shaky today. So, I was just going to pull up the chart with you guys, which we got right here. This is the Bitcoin weekly chart. Uh so, a lot of people are panicking right now, but I just want to show you something. Zoom in right here. Obviously, we have Bitcoin here trading at now under $82,000, which means it's over. It's going to zero, and we're all going to be poor. So, congratulations. Um, I'm I'm homeless now. Uh, but as you can see, we had Bitcoin making the high around 127ish, you know, in the 126 is low, lower high, lower low, lower high, lower low, breaking above 82,800 and then
holding there and then testing it as the weekly chart last week. That was confirmation that that bearish trend was over. And yes, I see right now on the weekly chart we are trading slightly below it. So I just pulled back to the last bare market to see if that also happened when we made that uh higher uh higher high and it made the higher high here and came back down and dipped on multiple occasions back below that line before heading up. So to me I take a look at this is a very very healthy retest that you would want of the area that was once support even if it goes below and also like I would not be surprised at all just for the record for it to come back and test the 50 MA which is all the way down here at 77. To me that wouldn't really be a big deal. All I can say is that once you make that higher high and break above every meaningful MA dips are for buying. My arch public I noticed uh
believe it was buying this morning. It was either last night or this morning I started to get the alert that Arch Public was buying the dip again. And by the way, it sold right at 88,000. So the is incredible. Uh taking a look at prediction markets. When will Bitcoin cross $100,000 again. These are the markets we got. Before November 2026, 8%. Okay, I mean that would be a pretty big move. before December 2026, 22% for January 2027, 32%. I would say that people are still very bearish on 100K considering 100K is uh not that far from the recent highs that we just made. So, I still think sentiment is much more negative than it deserves to be. And man, I am a Bitcoin buyer right now. Uh by the way, I always forget to tell you, but you can see right up there, we do work with uh Koshi. I actually use their prediction markets quite often myself, as I said. Not that I'm a gambler, but it's really
fun to bet on the Dodgers. Won those last two bets, just going to be honest. Um, and uh, you can get 25 bucks for trading 25 bucks, which you're going to go use it anyways. Prediction Markets, they've got pers, all kinds of incredible products. You should go check them out in the description down below. I'm trying to remember. We got someone awesome tomorrow, but my brain is not uh functioning at full capacity. I'll tell you this weekend, uh, our two podcasts for Saturday and Sunday, tomorrow's Matt Hogan. Thank you. Matt Hogan, I told you it was someone awesome. So, the next three days, Matt Hogan, Peter Schiff, and this last one, man, I don't really know, but I'm going to do it. Hunter Biden. It's Hunter Biden. Hunter Biden. Haven't decided what I'm gonna ask him. We were kind of talk kicking it around here like hey what happened with your token that you know they did a poor smoke postmortem
on that I guess over the days. Um I want to know if uh what drugs he likes. Why does his dad hate us? Stuff like that. Maybe I'll ask him. I don't know man. Peter Ship and Hunter Biden one weekend. You know, I already recorded the Peter Ship conversation though, honestly, and we I'm told you I said I think it to Noel and we barely talked about Bitcoin and I think you will find which I've been saying from the beginning, gold bugs like Peter Schiff and us agree on 99% of everything. Just don't agree on the asset uh to use to protect yourself from what's coming. And so I think that uh Peter Schiff when you take out the opinion on Bitcoin, he may be like the best Bitcoin maximalist we have for understanding why you would need Bitcoin and the government. So it's going to be incredible. Justin people say no not shift. I'm telling you it is. He does not hate on Bitcoin at all. In fact, he was like
it's performed surprisingly well. All right guys, I will see you tomorrow obviously on the Daily Wolf today on Yahoo at noon. That is all we have for you today. Goodbye. I will see you later. That's dope.