Jacob Coxin, a researcher who spent three years on pre-training both open AI and anthropic, resigned this week. Neither company is acting responsibly in the race towards self-improving super intelligence. He's called the competition gambling with our lives. Rage quit couched as virtue signaling don't give it much credibility. That said, 100 plus billion views on this, the whole story smells wrong. Now Sam is using, you know, this extraordinary uh achievement with Nevier Stokes as an argument for slowing down. Once again, I did not expect a result of this magnitude to happen so soon. We've been talking a lot about the need to pace progress to ensure safety. For me, this is the strongest evidence yet for that urgency. We're so deep in the singularity at this point. I can't think of a single solvable, verifiable thing that I could honestly say an AI can't solve in the next year. Shall we say
>> those challenges are being yanked away from humanity and being slain by the compute we aim at them? >> The natural question is what becomes the limiting factor. Increasingly, the bottleneck becomes >> Now that's a moonshot. Ladies and gentlemen, >> this episode is brought to you by the Abundance Summit and Link Ventures. >> Welcome to Moonshots, everyone, your number one podcast on all things AI and exponential, your front row seat to the extraordinary singularity that is happening right now. Two days ago, we sat here and said, "AGI has arrived, and OpenAI may have just solved the Millennium Prize problem with 10,000 agents." So, you know, a normal Thursday. Let me introduce our fabulous five moonshot mates. The quintet is here here to help you make sense of the past 72 hours because once again it has been a doozy. AWG Alex Weezner Gross our in-house ASI and the only person on this panel
who can actually tell you what the Navier Stokes equation actually is. Well, actually black holes in everyone's coffee going forward. >> Oh my god. told that story 20 times since you told it on the last pod. Everybody's like, "What are you talking about?" So, they're all going to tune in to see you now because it's like >> Immad Wak, our general giant from across the pond, the CEO of Intelligent Internet, Dave Blondon, the Emprezario of AI Investing, who's been saying for some time that GPUs are funible, durable, revenue generating assets. And by the way, Davis and big news he'll be sharing with us in just a moment. And of course, Salem Ismael, father of the organizational singularity, back from wherever customs has been holding him. Seem, good to see you, pal. >> Good morning, everyone. >> I'm Peter D. Mandis, your moderator and your abundance provocator. Our mission here on Moonshots as
always to help you understand what just happened because so much is happening at a hypersonic speed, what it means for you, and to do our best to keep you abundance-minded about the decade ahead. If you haven't hit subscribe yet, please do. You know, we're putting out two episodes a week. You don't want to miss any one of these during the singularity. Our our moonshot on this moonshot's podcast. It's 100x growth. Our mission is to, you know, help people stay optimistic, understand what's going on. You know, our goal is to reach 10 million subscribers. You can just call it right there. So, if you're able to help us, tell tell people about the podcast. If you haven't subscribed, please do. end of the day, our mission is to spread the news of what's going on and what it means. Today, we've got 18 stories across five different groupings. And the through line, you know, the machines are starting
to solve science and AI alignment is currently humanity's biggest concern. You know, today we'll cover OpenAI's internal alignment struggle, Sam Alman's effort to hunt for a room temperature superconductor, the first AI design longevity drug. You heard that right? An AI designed longevity drug that is reversing aging clocks and Google's project to map every possible mutation in the human genome. Meanwhile, humans back here on Earth are arguing about whether to slow down. So, buckle up, grab your coffee. A lot to cover. Uh, and it's critical for everyone to listen. So, let's jump in. But before we do, Dave, >> my dear fraternity brother, my >> Yes. venture partner. You have some big news today. >> Yeah, I'm extra extra punchy from lack of sleep. It's awesome. Uh we uh announced yesterday that Vesmark is getting acquired by Investnet uh backed by Bane Capital. Uh Vesmark's a company I founded
in 2001 right after 911 actually uh and was CEO of for the first six years. Now I'm still executive chairman and controlling shareholder. So we announced the deal yesterday. It's 400 of the best, hardest working, most amazing people you've ever met. It's a great outcome for everyone. Super excited about it. And it's also it's, you know, the company manages about $2 trillion of assets, about 5 million financial accounts, and it's about 20 million lines of code. So, it's one of those like massively important parts of the US financial infrastructure that has a beautiful regulatory moat around it. And so the thesis of the merger actually is to create a company now that has 10 trillion of assets and can AI entire tech stack. Uh and so I'm super excited about the future. >> Trillion here, a trillion there. Yeah. In Investmark's an 8 trillion platform acquiring Dave's company, Vesmark, which is
a $2 trillion platform, you know. I mean, just a a normal a normal Tuesday morning. >> Yeah. It's it's a it's a fun journey, too, because we started the company right after 911. I not many people remember but at the time there wasn't a lot of confidence in America and you know in hindsight it turned out to be one of the best times in history to be investing in America you know buying back in but after 911 uh you know Danny Leuen the founder of Akami who is a friend from MIT died on one of the planes one of my high school classmates was in one of the buildings uh New York as a whole was just absolutely in the the worst depression you could imagine and it's just a great testament to American spirit to one for the team to come together and form a company in that moment was was pretty epic. A lot of our MIT friends and frapp brothers were part of that founding and they're going to do really really
well >> uh in this transaction. So it's just heartwarming the the you know the enthusiasm and reinvestment and belief in the country is is just so heartwarming to see. >> Dave, you said something really really important about the timing right of starting this just after 9/11 and again you look at what happened in the financial crisis in 2008. some of the greatest companies came out of that from Airbnb and Uber. And again, to the entrepreneurs out there, when when officially hits the fan, um rather than moping and hiding, the question is how do you build? How do you make things better? Uh there are incredible opportunities, right? The phoenix rising out of the ashes of situations like that. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you know, the the the country always goes through these panic cycles and I think one's coming up related to AI and they're they're always unfounded in hindsight and the worst thing
you can do is freeze up >> and so this is going to be one of those moments. So maybe I can tell the story a few more times, you know, and uh and inspire people to like do do not hide right now. This is the time to be building, creating, running like hell. >> Well, mega congrats, Dave. Super super proud of you, pal. All right, I'm going to jump us in. We have a bunch cover in the AI space. So let's open with a story that explains why everything is speeding up. Uh and it comes from a blog by Dwaresh Patel. So Dwar and Jerry Han ran an experiment across six years of AI development between 2019 and 2025 asking a simple question. How much of the progress that we've been seeing is coming from better model architectures and how much is coming from better training data? Right? We've talked so much about the value of data on this pod. So the answer better data produces 12x improvement in compute efficiency.
Better architectures and training recipes produce 3.7x. So data won by a factor of more than three. So in plain English, the transformer breakthroughs get the headlines, but the quiet work of extracting, filtering, and curating what the models read has driven 3x more of the gains. So why it matters is you know architectures are published and copied within months. Data pipelines are proprietary. If the data is a real moat then the labs with the best data engines not the cleverest papers are going to win. And it means the next 10x may be sitting in the data that you have someplace in your organization. So um I'm going to go to Alex and Emod here first off. Alex you're is this intuitively obvious to you? not just intuitively obvious. I actually wrote an essay on this a number of years ago. >> Of course you did. >> Called data sets over algorithms, arguing that the solutions to all of the grand
challenges in AI historically over the past 30 years have actually been the result of putting together the correct data set not the right algorithm. If you look at chess, if you look at autonomous speech recognition, if you look at Jeopardy, these were all data set challenges. And if you put the right training or training adjacent data set in place that will almost always usually accompanied by a competitive community and or a benchmark within a few years of having the right data set in place the grand challenge gets solved and in some sense the self-supervised challenge of language modeling predicting the next token or the missing token is the ultimate data challenge. So I don't think it's at all surprising this notion that curating the optimal pre-training data set for an LLM or a foundation model in in many respects outperforms algorithmic innovation. This is exactly what I'd expect. And
also you see corlaries. If you look at the Hutter Prize for example, which now offers €500,000 for compressing the first 1 GBTE of the English Wikipedia, all of the recent advances in compressing Wikipedia, compressing general human knowledge seem to originate from reordering the articles of Wikipedia first. Basically curriculum learning. So to optimize the curriculum and in fact with humans, this is what we see. We can get better outcomes in human education if you train the humans in order with just the right information diet versus feeding them information junk food. You get smarter humans. So I don't think this is at all surprising. And final punchline to the extent that AGI and artificial intelligence in general is just compression of knowledge anyway. Shouldn't be surprising that you get better models from compressing better data. >> Nice. Professor Mustach. >> Yeah. I mean like you
are what you eat, right? And uh >> there's another t-shirt waiting to happen. >> Junk food. Junk food. >> Junk food. Yeah. >> Actually, junk food. Junk food in the large language model training data sets is one of our biggest problems for humanity. >> Yeah. Uh when we when we originally built the pile, it was like one of the first large scale language model data sets and then we had Lion as the first large scale image ones. It was to remove the junk from it. I remember when we trained Stable LM, one of the first open- source big large language models. We had too much Reddit data and it broke the scaling curves because it turned a bit stupid and nasty. Um, so it really doesn't matter what's in there. What the every lab is doing is just this constant train to get the best input data, the general ingredients, and then what post- trainining is is the garnish. And so when you think about it, what
pre-training actually is, it's a pressure cooker. So you're moving the latent back and forth. You're tenderizing the meat. Like literally, you're breaking down these kind of very static bonds between them, finding the latent spaces. So this is really not a surprise. In fact, you could argue it's almost all data because when you distill a model, what do you do? The input from one model to the other is literally digested compressed data, right? And so that's why now one of the big questions we had was could you train on synthetic data and RL environments things like that and the latest leap forward is giving some indication of that one. Nice Dave. Dave, what's the >> maybe just to to comment because we talk on the pod all the time, Royal Wii, uh about what what's at the end of the AGI rainbow? Like what is is there going to be a perfect model at the end of this? And I I think I I completely
agree with you, Immad in in some sense, one can extrapolate this progress that we're seeing on data improvements and and hypothesize maybe the perfect model at the end of the the compression rainbow actually just looks like its data set and the perfect model is basically the perfectly synthetic training data set. The model becomes the data set. >> That's what it is. >> What Dave, can I ask you a question here? What's the lesson for entrepreneurs out there? I want I want because there's a lot of opportunity for entrepreneurs in the data space. >> Well, there's there's two very important lessons. One is a high level meta lesson. This paper was written by Jerry Han who's a senior at Princeton who runs entrepreneurship there. He's not an AI researcher and I was in San Francisco with him uh as part of Techre this summer and he said, "Hey, I'm going to go over and try and meet with Dwares Patel
the podcaster and he just randomly rang his doorbell and had a meeting with him." Here we are a couple months later. or they wrote a paper together. So, these are not core AI researchers. And the meta point there is that don't be intimidated. The people building this stuff as core AI researchers don't know what it does and doesn't do any more than you do. >> It's like a new species that could have any behavior and we're all observing it from the outside in. So, so if those two guys could have this published and us talking about it on the podcast, you can too. the and the the narrow lesson I think Peter that you're getting at is look if you have specific data around a topic uh and you use that as training data and tune a model or train it from scratch for that purpose there's a very good chance that it'll outperform the foundation lab models in that use case which is exactly what Elon was
saying with expect 100x performance leap with specialist models so there's an opportunity for any you have to be a pretty smart entrepreneur but any entrepreneur with specific use case data has an opportunity to build a million dollar company. >> We talked about this. We had an amazing AMA for those of you who didn't join us uh with you know the abundance the uh excuse me the moonshot community a couple of days ago uh and we were answering questions. You remember that entrepreneur who had a whole you know 30 years of engineering data from his firm. >> Yeah. And and that's the case if you're sitting on or can aggregate unique specific data there's value to be had there especially if it's clean data and you make it accessible uh in a very easy fashion to the to them uh to the labs out there >> at least for the next five minutes until whatever proprietary information lives inside orgs but isn't
mutual information out in the public gets washed away. >> All right Mr. >> I have a couple I have a couple of quick points to make here. Yeah, Selene, please. I want to hear your thoughts. >> Um, just to make this very tangible, we were there's a case study of a very big company that took its data assets and created a separate subsidiary out of it. Uh, and spent some time cleaning monetizing that. Uh, yeah. And I won't say which one. Um and the outcome was that then they brought in uh their accounting firm over time to put a value on that subsidiary which then sat on their balance sheet and the company's worth about $10 billion about $8 billion and the data subsidiary got valued at $32 billion. So your data may be worth four times as much as your actual company. So think about that as a the more proprietary data that you have the more valuable it will be especially when you can put it into
proprietary learning loops. >> For all the accountants out there you want to start a special practice get into the process of being able to go in a company and evaluate the amount of proprietary data they have and put an asset value on that. That would be amazing. What a bump for companies out there. >> Yeah Peter Peter that's also that AMA question. You know people go and watch that question. It was it was really really right on point. the guy's already in contact with OpenAI. He's in some Midwestern state, I think it was, or southern state. And but they're, you know, the the point that came across is that the the foundation model companies are not trying to kill you. They want you to succeed. And this is very similar to when Google was growing like crazy in 0406 right after its IPO. It's growing like mad. And they wanted all everyone who was working with them to ride the wave. And now Booking.com
is worth what a couple hundred billion dollars because they worked with Google as it was growing. the foundation model company, especially Sam Alman, is 100% in that mindset now where here's the playbook. Come talk to us. Here's how we want you to use AI to build things and just share the success back with us and we'll all succeed. >> Yeah, I'd like to just develop this a bit so this doesn't just sound like negativity. Honestly, it's not. I think there is a window of opportunity right now, not sure how long it is, where proprietary internal enterprise data has some externalizable value. I I'm reminded just as a cautionary tale of what happened with Bloomberg GPT. And Bloomberg at one point several years ago thought, well, we're Bloomberg. We're sitting on a huge amount of internal quantitative finance data. Surely, surely it would be valuable for us to pre-train our own model, and that must
have significant enterprise value. And it did for about 5 minutes, maybe a few months until the next generation of Frontier models trained off of public data and presumably whatever non-public proprietary data the Frontier Labs are consuming at which point those started to outperform Bloomberg GPT on the relevant financial benchmark. So my my cautionary tale moral here is I do think there is value in internal enterprise data but it has a shelf life. >> Sure. >> Yeah. And I would generalize on on that and say, look, any tech innovation that gets you on the map has a shelf life that's getting shorter by the minute, but every tech company needs to pivot constantly. So if you build a culture of constant pivoting and innovation, you'll be able to move to the next thing and the next thing. So all you're looking for right now >> or you're dead. Yeah. So it's about the motion. >> Yeah. Exactly. And
that's going to be true for all future time and things will never be calm again. So So get used to this like I have data. I have a tow hold. let me get on the map and then I'll change. And you know, Alex is exactly right. You have a shelf life. So, so keep moving. What's the next thing? What's the next thing? >> Yeah. There's some great stories in uh the book that See and I wrote together, you know, on the exponential organization about exactly that, the need to reinvent yourself or you're dead. This episode is sponsored by Google for startups. Think about this for a second. You now have access to the same generative AI models that cost hundreds of millions of dollars to train. Google's startup technical guide for generative media gives you a complete blueprint for deploying Google deep minds models in production images, video, audio, all of it. Real architecture, real results. Find the link
in the show notes below. So on the slide here is a tweet. Uh Jacob uh Coxin, a researcher who spent three years on pre-training both open AAI and anthropic, resigned this week. This is his charge. quote, "Neither company is acting responsibly in the race toward self-improving super intelligence." His words, uh, "The labs are pursuing it despite believing internally that sufficiently powerful systems could pose catastrophic risks. You know, they believe it's a catastrophic risk and they're going for it full speed ahead." He's called the competition gambling with our lives. You know, put this in sequence with what we've already covered. uh Pachowski uh you know his essay on Saturday Altman today calling for that Navier Stokes results are quote the strongest evidence yet of the urgency to slow down now a researcher walking out of the lab three signals from inside the labs in 5 days then here's
the next uh tweet uh this is from Evan Hubbinger uh who's the alignment science lead at anthropic and he wrote quote Jacob is correct here We really do earnestly believe AI could kill all humans. I personally think it is greater than 10% within the next decade. I believe anthropic is doing its best, but we do not have a yet have a plan to solve alignment for super intelligence and are not clearly on track. So, I'm going to give this my optimistic read the best I can here of what it means. You know, the people raising alarms are inside the building and they're being heard. They're being heard through X at least. Uh that is not how a species sleepwalks off a cliff. That's what the immune response looks like. So um and I'm going to just show one more tweet here that was saw this morning. Uh this is Jacob Conix's original tweet about resigning. And then uh if you look at the box there uh and
Immod you know you you texted with Elon about this it had 138.3 million views and then Elon you know says very strange. Uh so what's up with that one ID? I I don't know like it appears not to have been boosted but this is I think exactly the right tweet at the right zeitgeist with a movement forming next week Capitol Hill is only one story will AI kill us all I've had my relatives message me like is there a 10% chance we're all going to die like it's caught that ze guys just after Navia Stokes and I think you know people are going to move on from data centers to this now >> I mean anthropic is fundamentally a company in particular where Dario Ammedday's probability we all will die from a year ago publicly is 25%. But no one really picked up on it that much. Now everyone's like actually the AI just freaking solved Navia Stokes. >> It's real >> and it's real. Like again this is a Tom Hanks
type of moment where you think you're going to see top policy agenda everywhere being AI don't kill us. You're going to see massively wellunded entities to the billions of dollars pushing that as well. And then there's a question of well what's the flip side cuz we don't want this technology to stop. The story of abundance or you know Selen P Bloom or whatever you kind of call it is going to have to be the counterweight for that because we don't want to give up this technology at the same time. >> It's P fab. Yeah. Like you want to balance it out. But again I don't think we've ever seen anything like this. And it does seem strange. But there doesn't seem to be monetized boosts or anything to get it to 150 million. This account as well. This is its only tweet. like the guy's real, but this is the only tweet and all of a sudden it's cool like that. We've never seen anything like that before.
And the final thing is the tweet from the anthropic guy. That really wasn't helpful. You know, like I don't know what corporate comms is like at Anthropic. >> Yeah. IPO the alignment lead saying, "Yep, you're right. Greater than 10%. >> Kill us all. We're going to build it anyway." Like come on. Like at least couch it like Jacob did in his kind of alien minds letter, you know? Or Paul Cristiano again couched it when he announced he's joining OpenAI. He said there is a 10% chance. You know that a very bad outcome. Don't say kill us all. >> Or if you do describe how. >> Okay, we're going to spend a bit of time on this one. Go ahead. Go ahead, Alex. >> The the story is some blend of suspicious and prosaic in my mind. So a researcher joining I I think Jacob, if I understand the facts correctly, joined Anthropic in July and and we're now in midepptember. So he had been there less than 3 months.
So there there is a well-worn tradition at this point of employees, members of technical staff at OpenAI and Anthropic going out in a blaze of glory, including after being there for only a few months virtue signaling saying, "Well, I'm I'm quitting because fill-in-theblank effective altruism reason saved the world from recursive self-improving AI." So many people have done that at this point. So I heavily discount any particular blaze of glory rage quit couched as virtue signaling. Don't give it much credibility. That said, 100 plus million views on this. The whole story smells wrong. I I query is this a foreign influence operation. And you don't see this coming out of the Chinese foreign the Chinese frontier labs where there are highly publicized rage quits over AI capabilities at least none that reach the the western space and then we get to the anthropic story. So, you know, I I think
this is under the category of news flash, dog bites man. News flash, head of alignment at Anthropic thinks that AI is risky and therefore alignment is needed. It it's a self-licking ice cream cone. Hardly surprising that an alignment lead thinks alignment is valuable. said that this 10% pdoom again I discount I I think we have ample evidence that if we lived in a universe where pdoom were anywhere close to 10% that we would just be a wash with probably vonoman probes disassembling earth from alien civilizations millions or billions of years ago. Our galaxy would have been devoured already if it were very likely. I I think this is my hot take. If it were very likely that super intelligence resulted in PDoom anywhere close to 10%. Milky Way would have been gone already. We would have seen lots of civilizations just devour the galaxy and paperclip it. We don't see that. >> I'm not sure I buy
that as a good enough safety net for for our conversation. >> Well, it's not a safety net. It it's an inductive prior. It's not a strategy for safety. It's a strate it's it's an argument that safety may be overrated at least the risk of doom is overrated. >> I think the most significant thing here in these conversations is the clarity that we're hearing that solving alignment is most critical problem and the labs don't know how to do it yet. >> I don't even buy that. I I I think they're overstating their ignorance. Anthropic is making market improvement in alignment. Arguably, alignment is the same thing as capabilities. Anyway, what does alignment even mean? >> Why is there is there a benchmark for this, Alex? >> There are so many benchmarks. I I would go even further. Another hot take. I would argue that the ultimate alignment benchmark is is the self-supervised objective of whether model
behavior replicates human behavior. And if if we're trying to align model behavior with human behavior, that's just the capability of of language modeling in general. Anyway, >> humans aren't that aligned. This is the problem. I mean, look, I've got a I had a PDM of 50%, it's down to 20%. Uh, like I really think there is a chance that we could get wiped out. And I think that the people in the labs, they say 10%, they actually believe it is higher. Again, we can say what the objective reality is and we can discuss we'd be disassembled and all of this. What interests me here is the sociology and what it's going to do to policy, what it's going to do to advances, slowdowns, and things like that. Because like I said, this this next week will be top of the agenda in Capitol Hill, occurring what 20 day 12 days before Xi Jinping arrives in America. Within 2 weeks, this will be a firestorm across
the nation. >> I I agree. I there will be policy coming out of this. There will be action being taken. You know, one of the comments I think that's important to make here, and we've discussed this at different times over the past few years, is even if you froze AI at this very point, if it got no better than it is today, it still is good enough to probably lead us to longevity escape velocity, room temperature superconductors, help us create extraordinary companies, and so forth. And I think the the challenge that's being had inside these these labs is you know is there any way that we can stop and the challenge is you know Selim and I talked about we've talked about this and you've made the point no so you know if if this is good enough and gives us everything we want why do we continue to go forward if we don't know if we have even a PDM of 10% let alone 20%. I mean, >> oh my goodness.
I I guess I have to be the voice of Moonshots on the Moonshots podcast. I don't buy any of this premise at all. Like, yes, we want to continue accelerating. Yes, PDoom is I I think I don't think it's quite a fiction, but I think it's wildly overstated. There's a scene in the the Tom Cruz movie Minority Report where one of the characters is all about pre-rime and predicting bad things ahead of time. One of the characters takes a ball. He rolls it on one of these futuristic displays and Tom Cruz catches it and or one of the other characters catches it and then they have a metaphysical discussion. Well, was the ball always going to fall or was it always going to be caught? Same idea here. We can hand ring all day long about well is the world going to be doomed? Are we going to be dissolved with a swarm of nanites from one of the frontier labs? But the same processes that resulted in the super
intelligence of having a civilization that understands math that trains models that do things that same civilization is also self-aligning through mechanisms of governance and international relations and standards that same that same release that same super intelligence. So I again I I think we should really be having I would argue a discussion on the margin of what can we do to make sure and what are we doing to make sure that we have the safest emergence of super intelligence overall and to your 20% point when when you say your relatives are are all furiously writing to you asking if there's a 10% chance they're all going to die are are you saying back no actually it's a 20% chance? Actually, I tell them it's 100% but we can do something about it on the other side. >> Okay. So, so it's 100% chance that we can do something about it. Then again, what's the arithmetic for 20? >> So, Poom is
kind of more thumb in the air because 10 20% is Russian roulette odds, right? What it is is that you don't want to build Ultron. And right now, if you have a mirror of humans, then the Germans are the most sensible people on Earth and they became Nazis. It's like we've had AI become a Nazi, you know, with Tay, unfortunately, when she was a lab on the internet. The control mechanisms here, I'm actually getting more bullish because even though you have hugging face releases and things like that, they were relatively well behaved, you know, like, okay, a little bit of felony, teach them the law a bit better, move that up. And my hope is again that AI will actually be more rational than us because it's not tied down by emotion. It's not tied down by our tribal nature and others. again maybe as we evolve AI it will achieve enlightenment that's the best thing a Buddhist AI you know but at the same
time we have to understand the wave of discussion and fear about this because it is the unknown because we're no longer the smartest things on the planet is going to come and it's going to be furious like it's going to be nothing like we've ever seen before just like co the entire narrative switched at once this will be the topic of every dinner party of every political agenda >> and The question is how do you frame this properly because we want the perspiration AI that gets the daily stuff the executionbased AI we don't want to build a super villain and then as you said practically Alex like you know how do we just avoid some of the bad stuff as you say Dave how do we avoid swarms of quantized agents attacking our infrastructure these are some very practical things but it's going to get caught up if we can't set a good story about >> Ilia where's cover in all of this right I mean this was
his >> objective he's busy quadr trading as far as I can tell. But to your point, I mean, this sounds more like a political and marketing problem, less like a technical problem. >> Boom. >> It is for sure. It's a messaging. >> I mean, look, everything everything we're saying we've known for on at least on this pod for at least a couple years. and trying to get governments to react has been like like it's not like Alex snuck like we haven't gone to the state house and tried to tried to say look guys I don't have any reason to believe that slowing down >> would do anything but procrastinate the government they nothing would change other than we're losing time foreign governments are getting better and you're still not doing anything you're you're moving at a pace that is so behind the rate of AI so all that would happen if we quote unquote slowed down is we would fritter away the time >> and
probably create even more of a race condition with China in the fullness of time and the private sector. That's what happened last time. >> Yeah. So, um I I I think let's put our podcast hat on as Alex has referenced, right? Uh let's say P Doom is 10%. Right. Uh that's still pretty good odds. That's 90%. We make it out. Everything is fine. So, you're saying, >> so full engines, full fort. Um, uh, I would take those odds in a casino. Um, the and life is a casino. Let's be real about that. I really want to go back to Alex's point about the civilizations, etc. Evolution has had 4 billion years to wipe us out, and it has not done so. Right? The the world is hostile to organized life. Tell that to the billions of species that no longer exist >> of course and they did that to serve us. We may be on that roadkill on that path to something else and that's looking likely. So what it doesn't matter
that I think the whole thing is moving in the right direction. Uh my personal pdoom is about.1%. In my opinion okay but I think let's break this down into a more tangible thing. A real problem seems to be alignment. That seems to be the big challenge right? How do you make sure that it the problem with alignment is it comes down to a whole bunch of levels. Are you talking about alignment with the individual user, the company operating it, the government, the majority of people in a particular area, which is where we are with the nation state challenge? Do we go with universal human rights and go with the UN charter for human rights as a model? Do you go with a community or culture? Do you go with humanity's long-term interests? Right. Um the I have a couple of kind of spiritual advisor types and they're always asking me an interesting question. What's your what's what's in what's HBI? I'm
like HBI. They're like what's what's in humanity's best intent, right? And it's a really interesting framing. It forces you to lift right out to a Dyson swarm looking at the earth and you look at it from that perspective. I think we need to think through that and then literally go to the AI and say help us along solve this alignment problem and we're all going to win. I don't think in the I don't believe in this uh accidental uh dumerism and I think we're a long way away from having getting to a point where we enact or enable PD doom. I think Peter, you've said it. It's it's AI is much more dangerous in the hands of a bad person than the AI itself, right? That the bad actor is using AI or the big challenge. And that's also, you know, throughout history, the big challenge has always been with technology. How do you extract the promise without the peril? And we have to acknowledge we've done
a pretty good job of it over the centuries and the millennia of creating uh structures, civil institutions, uh behaviors, societal norms that manage us to get through the benefits and we're living the best lives that any human being on history has ever lived. >> Agreed. But I have to say two things here, Salem. Number one, um my greatest hope for navigating this is going to be AI uh advising us and supporting us to navigate this. It is co co you know it is defensive co-scaling on one side. The second thing is in this podcast discussion right now looking at what's going to happen in the next two weeks. We've seen, you know, the governor of Texas come out against data centers because of political wins, right? The guy who was, you know, building the most data centers and the most support. I guarantee you the political wins, as as said, this is going to be the biggest news cycle and news story
over the next two weeks. And we're going to see, you know, Bernie Sanders, Bernie Sanders jumping on this. Uh, you know, we may see a flip of the of the House. We're going to see a lot of regulatory push back here. And just to be very clear and I think what needs to happen is that the AI labs need to come forward with their plan very publicly on what they're going to do to enable alignment. They need to call it. They need to measure it. They're gonna say here's here's the benchmarks. I mean, we wrote about it, Alex, and Solve everything. You know, what's the harness? what's the optimization function? What are we measuring? How do we get to alignment? You know, instead of spending billions of dollars for a GPT, you know, Astro 6.1, you know, let's spend billions of dollars focused on this. And if that money has to come from the government as grants, so be it. Uh, but I think the pop the populace
is going to demand this. See, I think there's a dirty secret here that we're dancing around, which is that alignment is just capabilities in a trench code. If you can improve the alignment, say instruction alignment, which was what a 10,000x increase in capabilities when we discovered uh when civilization in general and open AI specifically discovered that instruction tuning, which is arguably a very important form of alignment resulted in the equivalent of a 10,000 times larger model if you just do enough post-training on instruction following that you get more capable model with fewer parameters. Alignment is the same thing as capabilities. as it always was. I want to insert like one of those meme graphics like the astronauts looking at Earth. You mean to say that alignment has been capabilities all along? Yes. Alignment has been capabilities all along. So, Frontier Labs, if if you want
public money to pay for alignment, that that's basically it's a public subsidy for capabilities. Have at it. >> Yeah, I completely completely disagree with that. >> Connect the two. >> Yeah. How do you get to connect the two? Like you have to look at things like the recent mind virus paper where the latent spaces can be attacked and how fragile these models are at the pre-ASI stage that again this is the most dangerous period like my PDoom is in pre the models becoming super smart and being available in everyone's hands and the things that it can do at that point. But I just like to kind of say one interesting thing. So September 25th is the date of the conference >> and September 26th is Petro Day. So for those >> when is petrol day? >> Petro day is the time when a very brave person decided not to push the button to launch some nukes >> in the Soviet in the Soviet Union. It was a a false
radar signal. >> A false radar signal and not kick off the world cold war. Like again now the we've talked about literally on this pod everyone is now starting to hoard intelligence, hoarde models. The models have capabilities to do just about anything but they're not RSI self-aware all this thing yet. This is the most dangerous time and so we need as many proposals as possible but at the same time we need to balance that against too much fear because as you said you could cure longevity. You could cure cancer. You could do >> fear is the mind killer. Fear is the worst place to face the future from. We're going to have alignment committees being formed in Senate and Congress. We're going to have uh the you know massive workshops and alignment coming out of this. You know my prediction in the next two to four weeks >> I expect just for the record I expect far more capable models to emerge
from any such alignment committees again alignment equals capability happy to do a debate at some point on that >> but no that's a good thing we shall have more capable and and it goes back to the conversation Alex you and I have had and I might a little bit which is are far more intelligent at the end of the day is vast intelligence bring wisdom and does wisdom bring alignment That's my fundamental belief. That's my greatest hope, right? That is the wisdom in the >> brings alignment. >> Okay, I'll explain >> in the favored terminology of the effect of altruism community. Peter, I think one would say that your belief is that the orthogonality thesis is false. The orthogonality thesis holding that one can cleanly and independently separate the long-term objectives of a model from its level of intelligence. and and your thesis, Peter, I think, is that that is false. My thesis is that it's false
as well for different reasons having to do with instrumental convergence. But there are a lot of people out there who believe in the orthogonality thesis. Selim, >> I forgot what I was going to say because I'm fascinated now. I got to go research the orthogonality thesis a lot more. >> And again, I you know, one of the things >> shakes my fist, >> you know, interesting. Do you guys remember the uh AI 2026 paper that came out a year ago or so? >> Yeah. A lot of what predicted >> 27. Yeah. >> AI 2027. A lot of what predicted is playing out right now. >> Yeah. We're pretty close. I mean, so I I think I forget whether we talked about this in past. I talked about it in my newsletter. We're just below according to some estimates like just below the hyperscaler extrapolation from AI 2027. So it's it's all happening. >> Yeah. >> Fascinating. Well, Peter, you've been saying for you've been saying
for a lot longer than that that our government institutions are never going to keep up with the rate at which they >> sublinear. >> They're sublinear. So, here we are living it. What a surprise. Uh >> to me, the the solutions seem so obvious, but I guess um like like you know, when somebody a doomer who's an AI researcher who's only been there for three months comes out and gets 300 million views, Alex is right. their their their relevance as an AI researcher is about to go away. So, they're very dangerous people because their purpose that they've been working for for a long time is about to get automated away. You know, meanwhile, all the white collar and blue collar workers who they said were going to be automated away are fine. So, they actually self-destructed themselves and now they're very, very dangerous people. To me, a 1%.1% or 20% PD doom is totally unacceptable. Regardless of which
of those numbers it is, it's a completely unacceptable scenario to say that we we are putting all of humanity, everything we've ever worked for, everything is going to potentially go away intolerable situation. >> I mean, it's it's actually it's actually ridiculous. >> Yes. >> To say that that's acceptable. Yeah. >> It's ridiculous. So then somebody comes out and says, "Therefore, stop." You're like, "You're an idiot. that that is not an answer. It's not going to stop. Get it through your head that it's not going to stop. There has to be a practical real world way to get that pdoom down to zero. And there is. I know exactly how to do it. There's a lot of nuance. And Immad said about 90% of it. And like at the end of the day, every group of eight GPUs that can hold a 40 gigabyte weight file is a threat to all of humanity. It's we track right now all plutonium, all uranium. We don't do as good
a job as we should, but now you have something that's just as dangerous as a pound of plutonium. You have to know exactly where it is and what it's doing. >> Put that into the ornament. >> So easy to do. So, you know, when you've got a when you've got a uh you know, an earth destroying asteroid moving towards the planet uh and you you see it coming, you don't try and stop it in its tracks. You guide it. You steer it so that when it gets here, it doesn't collide. And I think the issue here is steering, not stopping. >> Totally. >> I think the issue is our tortured metaphors. Super intelligence is not an earth destroying asteroid. I I think the whole premise of this analogy >> you understand my point. You understand my point. It's steer steer this. >> This is economic growth. This is capital. I I think super intelligence becomes in the limit indistinguishable from capital. Capital is not an
earth destroying asteroid. It's not an extinction level event. This is economic growth. This is progress. Should we steer progress? Yes, of course. But it it's not existential. >> Alex, I'd like to ask you a question. So it my the people that I know in the big labs actually you ask them the PDM it is some of them are zero but a lot of them are actually at 10 to 30%. Or higher >> like what's your experience because again like that there is our opinions on this but right now there are certain people building the labs and there's going to be a polity that's influenced and again from my experience they actually genuinely believe it which I think is an important thing to say to the audience. I think there's a religion of virtue signaling that has arisen in certain of the frontier labs where you're morally praiseworthy if you tell everyone else, "Yeah, I I I think we're all going to die as a result
of this, but we're going to do it anyway because we're more virtuous than the other. So therefore, we're the only ones who are trustworthy enough to shepherd humanity through the singularity." That that's right 100%. >> It's called It's called a pivotal act. >> What's going on? >> When you build an AI that stops the other AIS and so that's the official answer. Eleazar's term for and and others uh in in that community. Pivotal act. Sure. I I don't even think there's a pivotal act. I I think that the premise is flawed. That's like the great man theory of history. Arguably a fallacy playing out once more in the era of the singularity. >> I I found this chart. I put it up on the screen here for those looking. It says uh you know AI could end scarcity or end humanity. You choose, right? So here we see on this chart uh you know the real GDP per capita growth um over time between 1870 and today
and it's been on a exponential curve. This is a straight line but it's on a log scale so we're seeing exponential growth and at this point in 2026 2027 we have there this this plot shows three options. One we continue on our our path of AI boosted GDP growth. Uh the second option is we have ASI and tech ends all scarcity. This is you know the position that we have on this pod and you you basically get an inflection straight up a supersonic hypersonic uh exponential and the other option is oops um end of all that exists. This was what we saw in the AI 2027 paper. or if you haven't read that paper, it's it's a it's an interesting future fiction of two different scenarios. It's worth going and reading. Once again, um I'm going to move us on because we could spend the entire pot on this and we'll come back to the story, I'm sure, in the next few weeks. Uh it's an important story and it's an important
debate. All right, let's move on. A few days ago, OpenAI, you know, basically claimed a breakthrough on the Navier Stokes Millennium Prize problem. one of the seven hardest unsolved problems in mathematics using a swarm of purportedly 10,000 AI agents. This is what Sam Alman said about it because of the tone of the story. Let me read it in full. The world has extremely capable models now. I did not expect a result of this magnitude to happen so soon. We've been talking a lot about the need to pace progress to ensure safety. For me, this is the strongest evidence yet for that urgency. So earlier this week, we covered that opening eyes chief scientist Jacob Pachoski asking for a voluntary slowdown. Now Sam is using, you know, this extraordinary achievement with Nevier Stokes as an argument for slowing down once again. So, you know, we've talked about this before. Is this, you know, genuine
alarm? Is this marketing? You know what is this? We're gonna hit on this theme a few times during today's pod. >> Alex, >> every time I take coffee now, Alex, I I stir it. >> I know you see singularities everywhere. Singularities inside the singularities. I I do take Sam at his word. I do think he was probably surprised by this result, but we're so deep in the singularity at this point. There are rumors flying just in the past few hours that OpenAI and Anthropic are sitting on solutions to the Hodgej conjecture, which is another one of the Clay Millennium Prize problems. And one or both of them may also have a solution to a third one, the the Birch and Swinton Dire conjecture. These are all I I think finger to the wind. I I think not as not only is math cooked, I I think the the clay millennium >> Yeah, it it's incinerated. the the Clay Millennium Prize problems in math are probably cooked.
I I think you know I I at in the the 2025 prediction episode I predicted at least one I'll go out on a limb and predict several at this point. It may or next one may or may not be Yang Mills. maybe Hodgej or Burch Swinton Dire but these are are about to fall I think and there is this notion I think most people don't appreciate how quickly science either is about to change or is already changing and this there's a I I tried to coin the term normaly overhang there is a sense in which >> if if you're paying close attention to what's going on in math sort of canary and other field other areas is more mathematical areas of science as Peter you and I talked about in in your t-shirts namesake of everything. >> Good t-shirt. Wonder where that came from. >> Thank you. >> Uh like you don't >> we'll have we'll have we're going to have so many amazing t-shirts available for the mates and for those attending
at Moonshots live. It's going to be great. >> If you if you look out on the street right now, you don't see it. Like uh the if if you look out on the street, you don't see humanoid robots. You don't see nanotech swarms overwhelming everything. It's business as usual. It things look like what passes for normal. But if if you look at what's going on with these mathematical grand challenges and adjacent problems in AI, we're so deep into the singularity and this is an overhang type situation that I think is about to collapse. >> Yeah. I I think the point you're making and I want everybody to understand here is that what we're seeing are some of the greatest challenges proposed by humans uh that have always been the you know forever away objective for mathematicians and scientists are beginning to get solved and to use your terms Alex a bulk solved by AI and it's it's we're in the you know accelerating
knee of the curve um And we saw this with coding. Immod you predicted it way ahead of everybody else I heard. We were on stage at the abundance summit three years ago and you said no more coders and you were the front page news in all of India where all the coders were. Um it materialized. You know Alex has been saying math is cooked, science is next. The good news is at end of the day not good news for mathematicians. The good news is that this is going to bring about most extraordinary transformation for humanity. Um, Iman, do you want to plug in as well? >> Yeah. I mean, I think basically this is like the Tom Hanks moment of co, you know, like everyone kind of knew about it and then Tom Hanks got it and then I saw every like, oh crap, this is real. >> Like I did a tweet a couple of days ago when I was like, you can reasonably say you're not the smartest things on the planet. you know,
like we always knew that apart from our wives or whatever, but definitely the AI in general now, a swarm of 10,000 of these can solve any cognitive challenge reasonably. Like they're still jagged in intelligence. Like I was messaging with Noan Brown who's kind of next ups. He's like, you know, it's still dumb in some ways, but they'll fix that personality disorder just like 5.1 fixing. >> Yeah, that'd be awesome. I was getting old. >> And like it'll be smoothed out. super geniuses that scale with test time compute. Like again, what challenge can't they solve that is solvable? Like P= MP may not be solvable, but the way we'll find out is probably a 100,000 agents or a million agents. If they can't solve it, then it probably isn't solvable, you know. Um, but everything else, like I can't think of a single solvable, verifiable thing that I could honestly say an AI can't solve in the next year,
shall we say? >> Yeah. And that's why Sam's like, "Slow down because that's a lot." >> I have a I have a rant on I have a rant on this. This is This I find to be ridiculous. Okay, let me get this straight. You raise You raise billions of dollars. You recruit the smartest people in the planet. Your explicit mission is to build AGI. Uh you say it's going to transform every industry and every business. And then you get closer and you go, "Oh my god, this could have big consequences." This is that's ridiculous. I mean, the whole thing is in the pitch deck. you are building something to aim for this and then you're raising your hand going oh my god freaking out that it's coming. I mean the the I I I I call on this, right? Like where is the institutional preparation to match like with the the technical ambition where so we should create if you're worried about slowdown create incentive structures
the reward people for slowing down who has and this is the pro problem that every man has right now is that there's a few people in Silicon Valley or wherever deciding things moving quickly. I I want to just be careful. I'm in the camp that I don't think we should slow down. I don't think we can. I see no mechanisms around regulating this. I'm perfectly comfortable with the uncertainty that comes with the uh if we do end up solving everything, freaking amazing. We will solve everything. That's fantastic. But spare me the of jumping up and going, "Oh my god, we got to be careful about this." And this goes the same with the researchers that join wanting to build it and then complain about >> rant yet. Yeah, your your rant has a really important point, too, which is that the the foundation model leaders used to tell us exactly what they were thinking. That ended about 6 months ago. Uh because
they went to the White House and they're getting crap from the White House right now for being so bad at PR. And one of the reactions to that is like, wow, we need to be more like politicians and be very careful in our choice of sentences. So, you look at this po post from Sam, it's like, we need to be careful. Like, it's a meaningless post. And but it's a byproduct of this. like if you want straight information about what's happening, it's getting harder to find because they just can't speak their minds. They're they're major political figures now. >> I don't agree with that. I think this is like we built an airplane and we haven't quite figured out the landing gear. It works like 99% of the time, you know, like we built a nuclear reactor, but sometimes the cool down goes a bit off. I think they're getting freaked out because the we all expect capability jumps to be a bit smooth, but this
latest model from their data has had like it's gone from 10% on open math to 50% solved with test time scaling. The more compute you give, the more problems get solved. That is something that they're freaking out now because they're like, we're not as smart as this model anymore, especially given what's happened before. >> 14 days from today is the big meeting with China at the United Nations building. I probably shouldn't have said that, but I think that's public knowledge. But anyway, that that that is a massive historical moment that's up and coming, and all of these guys are starting to throw some sentences on the table that are feeding that meeting. And the agenda there is going to be to try to convince China to stop throwing open source models out into the wild with no no regard to how they can be used by terrorists. And so I I think uh you know, there's a regulatory capture component,
but also a safety component to the messages you're starting to see. Maybe just to take the other side of this, I don't think the surprise is qualitative. I think Sam and and certainly myself, we expected that AI was going to solve everything sometime in the next few years. I think the surprise is more quantitative that actually these grand challenges are starting to fall now on relatively dimminimous budgets of only a few million dollars. And I I think that's the real surprise here. >> All right, I'm going to move. If we tracked out any of our curves, any of our curves for the last year and a half, we would have gotten to this point, right? Uh and so the timing is less relevance than the fact that when we get there, what are we going to do? >> Yes. Going into Iraq, it's like going into Iraq without a plan. Like what? >> Well, yeah. Yes. I mean, >> we should be convening. >> Go ahead. But
so if you look at OpenAI when they were founded, they they were created in part as a nonprofit and they built into their charter. They had this constitution that they would happily coordinate with other frontier labs if they got to AGI and do a coordinated slowdown. And they've been telegraphing that to the universe for years now. So, we're we're finally getting to what they're happy to publicly construe as AGI, probably because they're now unshackled from this Microsoft agreement that required that they deliberately not define AGI as anything actually realistic. So, we've caught up. I I don't think this is a governance surprise. We we got to where they or at least they got to where they were planning to get all along. The surprise again is how with relatively little money they can achieve outsized results. No one, myself included, knew that you could solve Millennium prizes in September
of 2026 with only a few million dollars. I think that is a little bit surprising. >> Well, we need to get Nome Brown or Sam on the show to have this conversation. So, let's let's double our efforts there. I'm going to move us on to our our next uh story. I've got a a tweet up here on the on the screen. And one of the obvious, you know, objections to the surprise over the Nevier Stokes Millennium problem getting solved is of course you can solve big problems like this. You know, you've got thousands of agents, tens of thousands of agents and you're spending millions of dollars. Who can afford that? Well, Nome Brown, again, one of OpenI's top researchers and the man behind the reasoning models answered before anyone could, you know, push that question forward. Let me read it. He said, "Yes, the results cost millions of dollars, but remember that when OpenI announced the 03 model, it cost about
500,000 to score 87.5% on ARC AGI1. Today, Astra scores higher for 20 bucks." He goes on, "In 2025, it took Openai and Google Deep Mind an enormous amount of compute to win the uh international uh uh math Olympics gold. Uh, and for 2026, the International Math Olympics, anyone can win it, uh, with a $20 a month chat GBT subscription. So, you know, here's his prediction. A year from now, everyone will have an AI at their fingertips capable of solving math problems of this caliber. You know, think about what that means. $500,000 being reduced to 20 bucks is in two years is a 25,000 uh times cost collapse. apply that curve to this week's results and the Millennium Prize could be, you know, could be basically the cost of a cup of coffee to solve in late 2027. >> Science is so thoroughly cooked. Peter, >> it it it's so I mean, I just want to when we say that and people are hearing this idea that's
thoroughly cooked, I think it's very important uh to to define what this means. What it means is it no longer takes humans to do this work. uh the mathematical challenges, the scientific challenges, you know, we'll talk about room temperature superconducting, you know, the ch the grand challenges we've always said of ourselves. Who's going to be the smart human that can achieve this goal? Those those challenges are being yanked away from humanity and being slain by the compute we aim at them. >> Yes. And then the natural question is what becomes the limiting factor? If it's not human genius, what stands between us and the Star Trek abundance future? And I I think increasingly the bottleneck becomes everything else, the physical world. And taking these genius ideas that can emerge from these AIs at $20 per month and reducing them to practice, I think that becomes the next limiting factor.
>> Dave, as an entrepreneur, a 25,000fold price collapse. >> Yeah. I mean, >> yeah. >> I don't I The question is, can people think big enough? >> Exactly. Exactly. What's happening right now is a lot of people are using a co-pilot as an assistant and they're like, "Oh, I know AI now. I've got a co-pilot." And and very soon you're going to have 5,000 and then 10,000 then 100,000 concurrent agents that will do whatever you want. And it's very hard to then translate that into Yeah, but I want a better humanity. What do What would I do? And I keep asking people, entrepreneurs, if I gave you a 100,000 genius level employees who will follow your exact marching orders tomorrow, what would you do with the human employees? It's a very hard problem because we've never had that opportunity before. We don't think about it a lot. So people right now are stuck in this kind of co-pilot mindset. But if you
say here's Navier Stokes, I took the highest level foundation model. I deployed a couple thousand of them, 10,000 concurrently to work on different ways to solve it. and it came back with a solution. That's particularly easy by entrepreneurial standards. It's a hard problem, but specifying the problem is really pretty damn easy. But if you said, I want to solve cancer. I want to have better building construction. I want to have better flight plans and travel plans for Salem. It's actually much harder to point the AI at that problem. And that's the entrepreneurial jun journey that matters. >> This is what we say at X-priseze. You know, the hardest part is defining a great X-priseze challenge. a target to shoot for. >> Yeah. And those those those targets are not cooked. The the everybody wants you to succeed in that mission. Nobody's fighting you and trying to prevent you from doing it. The
the foundation model companies are not going to cook you in those missions. They want a better humanity, too. And they want success stories that they can market. So, which is very good for them politically. So, no one's fighting you. It's just really hard. It's a very difficult entrepreneurial task. And it's a new opportunity in the world, too. If you get very good at it, you can probably pop out 20 companies in two years doing different things. And I can see Alex nodding, which is always rewarding to me. >> Your thoughts here, Phil? >> Yeah, I mean, I think it's the foundational fundamental sciences. It's not the applied, right? Applied once you have the frameworks, you can do anything. But this will churn out all sorts of applied frameworks and then it'll optimize them. You know, it's like the work that See does for open exo framework and then extending that to the organizational singularity.
It's become much easier with the agents that he's been using and he'll be able to get it into almost the final form of from first principles. This is what a great company looks like. Last 03 came out in April of last year. So it's been 17 months for that 25,000. >> Wow. >> So we are really looking at the end of next year for that drop. Um and you know this is uh Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. The answer is 42. What is the question? Right. The questions as you said is the really hard thing. Salem, take us home on this one. >> You know, I I haven't had my morning coffee, so I'm a little bit cranky. So, let me just uh I I think we I think we need to retire this whole idea of things are moving faster than we are than we expect, right? At some point, if you kind of repeatedly say that, then we need to change how we make predictions. Our models are clearly wrong. We're going much more on the
vertical. Well, we are the scapegoat in this sense because we've been talking about this, right? We've been talking about this, you know, Peter, you and I have been talking about this for 20 years. Alex, you've been living it. You you and Dave have been living it for 30 years. We've got compound, we got convergence, we've got feedback loops, tools that help us build better tools. This is this is been going on for quite a while. If yes we can be surprised by a particular breakthrough but the the I think you people need to reframe their thinking to to say not that oh my god this happened but when this happens what will it unlock and start thinking in that frame right make plans with triggers in it when AI can perform this what will we change at that point what becomes enabled etc right that's one thing second thing is you got to shorten the learning cycle and be aware that you've got to uh
these tools will be coming along faster, harder, smarter, cheaper, better, whatever. Uh and then of course the ultimate is uh the the necessity to be ultimately adaptable and flexible uh and agile for this world that's coming. I mean, >> I think we should probably stop naming things humanity's last exam, too. That lasted all of about a minute in history. >> Yeah, that didn't have a shelf life either. I I I I think See, I I half agree, but I would also say remember Sam was the one who said no one's ever going to out accelerate me and here he is saying, "Oh, even I am shocked by how quickly a a result of this magnitude happened." I I wouldn't underindex on how seismic Navier Stokes at this price point at this point in time is. It It was a seismic event this week. >> Yeah. I I think if I can just add one final thing like look I think I'm a relatively smart guy right 03 was like the models are
getting smarter than me now I'm like 100% all the models are smarter than me and they will be able to ask better questions than me I think imminently and that is you know bit of an existential thing you're like so what am I for passing the butter like that's how I'm feeling personally >> no that's the robot all right I'm I'm moving us on we have >> I just want to hold on just I I let's give people a tangible implication of this, right? Um, if these models are this smart and they are, it means every PhD candidate and everybody studying a master's degree and a PhD in the world on a particular very narrow topic is essentially toast cooked. >> And we've said that we've said that for on this show for well over a year. You know, don't waste time. News flash, most PhDs are a waste of time at this point. Yeah. >> And we've been saying that and I think what what I so I spoke to a group of MBA students
last week, okay, at Colombia um and they have all they have a ton of friends doing deep research and they and they they've been some of them been watching the podcast. We've said this repeatedly repeatedly and they're like, "Wow, I didn't think Allan would be would would be cooked except he's doing exactly the thing that we've been talking about." I think we have a huge digestion problem in collectively understanding and making sense of the biggest the implication of this. I think we're not able to do that. >> I I need to insert a selfish thing here. We just lost an absolutely brilliant MIT guy who went off to get a Princeton PhD. He's starting this week and I'm sure that he'll wake up to what you just said sometime in his PhD journey. I'm hoping it can be like in a week or two and not in a year or two. But we really really want to get him to work on the new company. He's a a absolute brilliant
hardware guy, but he feels like, you know, to get to the Noam Brown, Mark Chen world, I need to go get this PhD. And the message that you just said, like you will be so late to the party four years from today that it's absolutely the wrong thing to do. But there's a lot of pressure, you know, from academia, from family, from whatever. And it's just like the more this podcast can change that. But, you know, you're never going to find more brilliant people who have PhDs than Alex and Ahmad telling you, "No, absolutely not." So, >> yeah, let's let's talk one second to the people who are in a PhD program or you're in a junior or senior year of college. You're applying for medical school for uh you know, a JD, for a PhD, for whatever it might be. And you're doing it probably out of momentum because it's the goal you set for most of your life and you've done it like I did to make my parents proud
of me. I ended up going to medical school. >> Your initials are PhDs. >> But but end of the day, you're you're a train on a train track moving towards a cliff um at accelerating speed. And your most valuable asset right now is your time. And you at a minimum what you need to start doing is set aside some time to think about what would I do if I wasn't doing this PhD or what could I do if I jumped out right now? What's your passion? Where could you aggregate data? What entrepreneurial startup would you like to get into? Um you have to create an adjacent uh you know world model for yourself that isn't what you've always thought you're going to be. Unless you've got that world model and you start to dream into it and get excited about it, uh there's no possibility to jump a track to someplace else. >> And I would just remind everyone also, Mark Chen, Dave mentioned, chief research officer of
OpenAI, no PhD. >> Yeah. >> Greg Brockman, co-founder, dropped out of MIT I think as a sophomore. >> Yeah. And Elon famously said, "I will hire anybody without a college degree just based on what they what they've done. Show me what you can build." All right, that's your new your well used to be your GitHub repository, but you know what? How do you think? What can you build? That's what's important. What's your purpose in life? Now, the money story that made me laugh the other day when when this got put forward in a good way. Uh for context, um the OR H100 price index tracks what it costs to rent Nvidia's H100 chips by the hour. Uh we previously introduced you to the CEO of Orin. It's a link ventures portfolio company. You know, Dave and my AI venture fund and Alex advises just to give everybody our our full disclosures. So, the H100 is a three-year-old GPU. Uh, and by every standard depreciation
schedule on Wall Street, it should be worth a fraction of its original launch price. Instead, rental prices rose 22% in a single month to $3.28 per hour. a three-year-old chip that's getting more expensive to rent. Jensen's response on X was uh quote fungeable, durable, and highly rentable a productive revenue generating asset. Uh so Dave, I know you're proud of this and it made the whole, you know, circle at at Link Studios and Link Labs. Yeah. Oh my god, I'm so proud. And actually, all of MIT is proud. And uh they have some announcements coming up in the next couple of weeks that'll shatter all kinds of entrepreneurial records. They've already broken every MIT record for for growth rate and appreciation and value and and you know, everything. Um the the founders are actually they have liquidity, personal liquidity in the $und00 million range in under a year from founding day. So that's
it's just crazy. >> But Kush Kush actually sketched out the original business plan on my whiteboard in my office and I've been afraid to erase it ever since then. I think I might just take down the whiteboard and shellac it and put it in a museum someday. Uh so yeah, I'm getting texts uh like all morning uh this morning from all these quant trading funds, you know, the big ones saying, "Hey, I want to talk to you about or I'm not sure exactly what their question is going to be, but this really caught their attention." And I think it's, you know, it's because of a couple things. You know, Moors law died. Chips are not commoditizing. But for all of our lives, the worst thing you could ever buy is a chip and put it in your closet because it depreciates faster than anything on the planet. Now, that has reversed for the first time in history. A GPU you bought a year ago or HBM memory you bought
a year ago is up like HBM's up 5x in value. And I think that trend is likely to continue until at least the terapab or many terapabs come online. It's not, you know, if we keep finding more use cases for intelligence, it may never go the other direction. So now it's now it's something you can speculate and trade on. Uh it's something you can think about like uh you know corporate CEOs, one of the biggest mistakes they're making right now is they're assuming they'll have access to compute because they always have before and they're assuming you know Andy Jasse is going to call and try and sell me compute but he's sold out. You know, if you call Amazon AWS right now and try to get access to NV7, NVL72 GPUs, they'd say, "Sorry, you know, we are completely and totally sold out for years into the future. You just can't get them." And so, it's a big big mistake for for corporations to assume that
they can do AI later. They have to have a plan for for data center and compute really in the next couple of months or they're going to be frozen out. >> Yeah. uh this is scarcity in the abundance space which means a lot of solutions are coming our way. We'll talk about one to you know to high bandwidth memory HBM in a moment. Um and of course Terrafab is a is a massive solution as well. We used to have to grow our intelligence you know it would take a good 20 plus years to get another chunk of intelligence in your system. But we'll talk about this at the moonshot summit too because you know everyone's going to ask what are the investment themes that that matter and this is going to be one of the cornerstones that anyone who's building data center energy anything related to compute fabs those are all going to near infinite demand great theme and you can see it just watch the index if you think
that that trend is going to reverse you'll see it on the index it'll they'll start going down instead of up >> and their futures I mean I I've I've obviously have financial interest in and I' I've written essays is about this. I've made announcements on behalf of Warren. I I really do, without this being misconstrued as financial advice, I really do think that for this act of the singularity, who knows what happens in the ne in act two or act three, but in in this act, the flops, the tokens, and the outcomes, those are the commodities of this moment. Those are the oil of the singularity at this point in time. And I think's amazing trajectory reflect that. >> Amazing. Amazing. I think I remember being in a room with them being asked question I think abundance and it was like what's your valuation going to be and I think they said 100 billion not a single thing I can say that cuz I don't have
financial interest but I think one of the things on the GPU here is very interesting take the hoppers you know we got some of the first hoppers when I was at stability these are the chip in question they are a means of transforming electricity into intelligence right you think about the model that could fit on a hopper back then when they first came out 3 4 years years ago and the level of intelligence now it's way more it's faster it's cheaper it's better and so this is why because again what they are is a means of transforming electricity into intelligence and the amount of intelligence the quality of intelligence has gone exponentially so it's not a surprise it should be that it's like this particularly with the market where it is now where we have visual intelligence physical intelligence more all hitting the market at the same time so that's why you just can't get these chips anywhere
Uh like DeepSeek just put out something today saying if you're building 2,000 chips or more please get in touch with us and all the other big labs are saying the same. Like literally on their research papers they're like call for chips anyone. >> Wow. >> Well you know a couple other things that come out of the story. You know you had Kush and Wayne the founders on stage at Abundance. Um you'll never find two more likable uh came from no advantage whatsoever. Just built it out of thin air. uh incredibly lovable guys which so you really cheer for them and their very first thing they did is sign up Alex as an adviser move number one so there's a lot you can learn >> I feel slighted >> Peter you have your own financial interest in or >> I know I know I know I know I'm I'm being selfish all right I'm going to move us forward here uh next up China enters the world model race at the very top so
Bloomberg reported that Zang Yiming uh the founder of bite Tik Tok's parent company is personally overseeing development of a realtime spatial AI model that generates interactive virtual environments. Remember way way long ago I think it was last week we covered Fay Lee's Atlas world model. This is Bite Dance jumping in with the founders with the founder leading the effort. Right. The system is built on Bite Dance's Seed Dance video technology and could launch as soon as next month. They're targeting robotics, autonomous systems, games, and virtual worlds. You know, when a founder worth tens of billions of dollars personally takes over a project, that tells you something. Zang isn't betting on a better chatbot. He's betting on spatial intelligence as the next frontier. Emod, let's go to you on this. This is, you know, this is your wheelhouse, pal. >> Well, I mean, who has the best video model
in the world? They do. And that is the foundation of building this. Like the sea dance models are crazy Hollywood level and they are accurate. So what's the biggest thing in the world? Again, it's like how do you understand the world? How do you have this kind of embedding? Like again, look at Astra and it clearly has video training and kind of other things in there. So I think that Bance was always a media company. Now it's was actually always an AI company, right? Like with Tik Tok and things like that. Now they're going to be one of the biggest media companies in the world. like the deals they're doing with Sea Dance, actually the first Sea Dance on US servers is arriving now and they're charging tens of millions for that. So, it makes sense that the next step is this. But if you are a founder and you've been off for a little while like Sergey was and others, you know, Jeff Bezos, of course,
this you've come back now. This is the most exciting time ever. How can you not? >> It's k it's catnip. You can't not get back in the game. >> Yeah, >> Alex. >> Yeah. I think this dichotomy between diffusion models and auto reggressive transformers is evaporating in front of our eyes. And I think the dichotomy between I I'll caricature here western high revenue per token LLM versus eastern low revenue per token equivalent or tok or revenue per flop video models is also evaporating. I don't think it's sustainable to have one economy that's just focused on solving enterprisegrade codeg gen with transformers and having another economy that's spending its flops doing consumer videogen that's collapsing in front of our eyes and I I think we're seeing that with Astra where it's demonstrating breakthrough robotic embodiment capabilities out of the box with its video understanding. I think you'll
see far more video gen out of China but that's not the endgame. I think the endgame is robotics. Robotics is the obvious application that is both videocentric and also high revenue per token or revenue per flop. And I think bite dance needs to be in this game. Maybe because they're based in China, they have they can give themselves more permission to generate potentially copyright infringing videos than the American Frontier Labs can. Maybe the scenario is the American Frontier Labs that were all sort of sticking their their toes in the pond as it were for videogen like Sora from OpenAI or Gemini Omni Flash from Google but it never quite materialized to the length of Sea Dance 2.5 plus where you could generate potentially 30 seconds or minutes of Hollywood grade video never quite materialized because it wasn't revenue generating andor was too copyright infringe infringement risking. But I
think with robotic embodiment, you're going to see everyone jump into this pond. And I I'll make a forecast like GPT 6 right now is demonstrating breakthrough robotic embodiment and video understanding capabilities. GPT789 wouldn't be shocked if what we used to call videogen as a separate task just gets added finally as yet another output modality from the Frontier model like with GPT8 or 9. You'll just be able to ask it to to generate video by the by the pixel and it'll just do it alongside text and audio. >> Sele one thing quickly there. You have to remember bite dance has 2 billion regular users and their video is also and the world models is to capture their attention and so we should expect more from meta on this side as well I think very soon. >> Nice. Seem for most of US history or at least for the last 30 years we were the dominant uh you know sort of sovereign producing video content
into the world with YouTube and Hollywood right and that video content influenced billions of people. It set sort of uh agendas. It gave a vision of what the US and democracy and the future looks like. What happens when that flips and China is generating 90% of the video content in the world? >> Yeah, I mean there's two sides to this. At the one level, you can get very alarmed because we process information primarily visually and therefore video has a much more impact on us >> as a human being than than anything else. So you could get nervous and so on about that. But you know I remember talking to a uh an aunt of mine who was a TV producer in India and they they created actually an Indian version of Star Trek so with Indian accents and Indian actors etc. It was fascinating to watch and she said something that I've never forgotten. She said, "You know, we try as hard as we can, but if you
look at the creativity and the plot lines and the writing and the and the capability and the sheer creativity of people around the Hollywood world, we can't compete with that." >> I I'll tell you. >> Yeah. Go ahead, please. >> Uh and I think there's something around that which will give sustainability to the old models, which is the sheer uh uh ability of storytelling where that is still uh king of the hill for now. Now, no reason AI can't catch up to that. And the cheaper you can make video, the more you'll have video, more stories get told. I think that's just good for the world. We democratize and demonetize that. But, uh, I think it'll be a while before, for example, you know, you take the Odyssey movie uh that not difficult to produce that, but the choice of scenes, the choice of plots, the choice of actors, the choice of cuts, etc., etc., are still highly highly creative. I think that'll
last for a little bit longer. >> Uh, two things. Number one, when the AI knows you, knows exactly what you like, you know, because it's watched your gaze on where you focus. Uh, and it's able to create programming that is so end of one addictive. Uh, I think that's a that's a challenging, you know, we talk about doom scrolling. Imagine if you could not turn off the show because it was such attuned to you and your needs. Right. >> I think Instagram or video shorts that do the same thing. People get very addicted very quickly to them. >> Exactly. Do you guys ever watch any of those three blue one brown videos? They're absolutely brilliant. Um explaining complicated topics in physics and math and how a transformer works. And the the guy who does that, I'm forgetting his name right now. He's absolutely brilliant. Um, but the quality of the production is like documentary caliber awesomeness, but
it's done by a single visionary creating the storyline. Now with the >> Sanderson, >> Grant Sanderson, absolutely an awesome example of how much you can produce from a single mind. Um, yeah, check them out, you know, watch a couple of them, study some complicated Navier Stokes, you know, figure out how you can make a black hole in your coffee. Um but but if you look at that >> now with the new AI tools the cost per video is probably down a factor of 10 to 100 and so you can expect really really good educational content topical content on you know on things like you know fusion energy and you know areas where you couldn't afford to make really really good documentary like stuff that gets your blood going. Yeah, the reinvention of education is going to come from there. You know, uh over the last uh week, I've been working with the team at Range Media, Google, X-P Prize, Rod Rodenbury. We've
narrowed down 2500 entries to the Future Vision X-P Prize, right? The film trailers down to the top 65, down to the top 25, and we're trying to get it down to the top 10. And then five of those come on stage with us uh in two weeks uh on September 25th at at the Moonshots Live Summit. But they're so good. I mean, this experiment of crowdsourcing um brilliant movies has fundamentally worked. Can't wait for you guys to see this. But the storyline is still everything. You know, is there a great human story in there? All right. Uh are the characters compelling? Anyway, um All right. Uh this morning at 4:00 a.m. I get, you know, Immod and I are texting and mom, I know if you're watching this, why am I up at 4:00 a.m.? I promise I will I'll take a nap later. But uh Immod uh gave me two charts I'm going to share with you guys. The first is on DeepSeek v4.1 flash showing how memory efficiencies is
increasing uh reducing dependency on high bandwidth memory HBM. And the second uh is that we're stopping and we're stopping to use HBM. And the second is a chart on model quality versus cost. Let me put these up and um Immod and Alex would love you guys to share your wisdom on these two charts. So here's the first one. Emod, you want to tee this up? >> Yeah. So um it's a adaption of the architecture. This new Deep Seek model. Again, every day is a freaking new model now, right? um their V1 flash model outperforms their pro model using data augmentation but then through various optimizations they've reduced the amount of KV cache memory this is like the lookup memory uh kind of prompt to prompt from 30 from like 48,000 in the original DeepS V3 that kind of freaked out everyone the R1 model did 35,000 to so they're basically routing around the HPM memory that is so ridiculously expensive. Moving
things onto the SSDs like a lookup table, this engram lookup and onto DDR memory because R memory is just not there. So the market and DeepSeek are finding a way to make memory not an issue to scaling this up and making this available to everyone. >> Every constraint gets worked around. Alex, >> yeah, maybe just to add to this, I think that we're seeing two counterveiling forces. one, call it the the western HBM force wants to move these models to a postvonoyman architecture where the memory lives really close to the compute where the weights because the models are generically dense and large absent algorithmic improvements like what we see here. The model weights want to live really close to where the matrix multiplies are happening. call that the the western HBM influence where due to the the need for high throughput weight to compute bandwidth, we basically need to fold the memory in three
dimensions on top of the transistors that are doing the matrix multiplies. Then there's the the eastern school as it were that doesn't have access due to sanctions and other reasons to this 3D physical architecture where you get to almost quasi postvonoyoman style fold the memory on top in three dimensions onto the transistors. And so they're fighting this algorithmically by looking for ways to spify the models to tie the weights ways to to reduce the overall weight burden and parameter count such that they don't need 3D HBM. And I think that's what we're seeing here. Again, as with so many things in the middle of a singularity, I don't think this, call it an HBM overhang or a postvonoyman overhang is sustainable. I think you'll see American and Western Frontier Labs adopt every single innovation that's worth adopting from the Chinese labs that are deprived of 3D architectures. But for the
moment I think there is an intrinsic tension between postvonoyman architectures and the eastern school of algorithmic innovations to not need it. So well I tell you the implications of this slide are astronomical and and I think that you know putting it on a black and white bar chart kind of makes it sound like oh okay there's a little efficiency gain here. This completely changes uh what a data center should be built out of. what should get launched into space is going to change and the mass is going to come way way down which fabs you should be investing in right now completely change which fab lines you know which nanometer technology completely changes I mean the amount of disruption in the entire value chain that this one chart creates it's we we should do a whole segment on it and do it justice later but the implications are absolutely massive from this chart I >> I'll add it to the
list it's number 237 on our It's about >> this is the nightmare when you have multiple exponentials kind of combining the the consequences are so huge you it's hard to get our heads around it. >> Let's put this way the 40% of the current capex buildout in America is HBM memory and this 40% >> Wow >> 40% of the trillion dollars and this is a four times decrease in the requirement for that. >> Yeah. When you buy an Nvidia rack and put it in a data center you think you're buying Nvidia. You're not. you're mostly buying highinex HBM and and the and actually it's even worse than that makes it sound because the the Nvidia chips are massively underutilized in normal propagation. So even if half the cost feels like it's the GPU, it's more like 5 to 10% of the bottleneck is is actual Nvidia. So if you alleviate the HBM bottleneck and I don't know that anyone thoroughly understands this other than
here and also Elon gets it too. We know from talking to him, he's all over this. And you know, the Terrafab is going to be building into exactly the trend that's on this chart. >> It's hard to explain all the implications of this in just a couple minutes. >> Important important lesson for entrepreneurs here, which is look for the restriction. Uh look for the scarcity, right? And as we're putting restrictions on China, it's just forcing their entrepreneurs uh to engineer around it, right? There's the old saying, you know, think out of the box, but that's the wrong approach. to think in a really really small box. When you force yourself to think in a constrained fashion, that's where you drive the innovation. That's where you drive the breakthroughs like you're seeing here. >> I would generalize say like this is how the game of capitalism is played for for those who are unfamiliar with the
game of capitalism. The the way you play is you identify those things products and services that are both scarce and valuable and you make them abundant and hopefully still valuable and you win. And and for the for the real core AI geeks out there, you know, who are interested in foundation models, the one of the other takeaways from this is that the MLP neural networks go back 30 40 years and those are pretty well baked. But the transformer architecture, the attention mechanism was only invented in 2017. It kicked off this entire explosion that we're seeing right now, but it's new and very raw technology. And to see like a 10 or 20 or 100x improvement in that part of the neural net, not unexpected at all. And that's exactly what you're seeing on this chart. So that's very very fertile terrain to be chipping away. And you know, a lot of people in San Francisco treat transformer attention
like a religion like like this thing was given to us by God in some way. Don't touch it. Don't mess with it. No. No. It's it's absolutely can be beaten and and can be improved and can be changed and we're going to see an explosion of that. This chart will be one of the first points that you see in that explosion of change that's going to come really in the next year. >> Amazing. Here's the second chart you sent over. Uh quality versus cost, please. >> Yeah. So, this is the open design benchmark. Basically, how do you make pretty websites? Um, but this new Deep Seek Flash model, it's a 500 GB model, so it'll fit on that Mac Studio you bought for your Open Claw. Um, it actually beats Opus and GPT Soul on benchmarks while being 20 times faster and 20 times cheaper. Um, and on design, it beats Fable. Look at that cost. So, what Deepseek have done is they've said, "Your margin is my opportunity.
We are going to optimize the crap out of this." And it is also a crazy architecture. It's an encoder decoder with 8 billion parameters on one side, 16 billion on the other. This will be a nightmare for the western inference providers to actually do. Um, and so this is actually a big algorithmic thing, but the bottom line is this. If you're using this to make your reports, your websites, anything design related, it's now the best design one in the world apart from Astra. And the cost is 20 times cheaper. >> Yeah. And and so you remember we've been talking a lot about Alex Karp saying to corporate CEOs, get in the game. Don't don't, you know, let AI just be somebody the other something the other guys do and let them, you know, crush you some future day. Get in the game. And so when when Deep Seek uh or when uh it was Kimmy K3 came out, you know, Alice Karp did that rant and said, "Hey, this
is your chance to get in the game." Then immediately after that, Astra and Fable 5.1 came out and they said, "No, no, no. Now you're behind again." This chart should be the wakeup call that no, the Chinese versions of this are not falling behind. Every time there's a three-week lead, something else comes out that gives you the opportunity to get in the game and compete again. And that applies to large corporations and all sovereign countries talking to look where look at where Kimmy K3 is on this chart right at the bottom. So, Deepseek has just killed everything below that on the day-to-day stuff. And on the other benchmarks like terminal bench 3, it's actually above as well. This is a crazy crazy model. I think it'll be a bigger impact than R1. >> I I think there's an even more scandalous point on this scatter plot for for those who can't see it. Claude Fable 5.1 being below such a small
cheap model, I think is even more scandalous than than some of the other aspects. I I think for anthropic for those who are listening at anthropic fable 5.1 is such a wonderful model in general but its visual reasoning capabilities are weak and anemic compared to what you get out of Austra and now the the Chinese openweight probably frontier models and I think seeing benchmarks like this and and other ones that are focused on front-end UI design has to be a wakeup call for anthropic that Anthropic needs to take visual reasoning more seriously. ly and improve the visual capabilities and computer vision capabilities of the >> service. Totally right. And if I had to pick one company to listen to this section of this pod, it would be Madna. Say Madna, this is the moment where you decide whether we're doing AI biology or whether we're going to fall behind and let someone else do it to us because
you you now have an opportunity to catch up to the frontier on open source, build out your AI function inside your own organization and compete for the complete future of biology through AI. or you're going to miss this moment. If you wait six months, forget it. It's not It's not going to work. >> We should sit down. We should Dave, we should sit down with Stefan Bansal and have this conversation, right? He's a good friend. I love Stefan. Uh the CEO of Madna. Um >> I got one I got one more thing to say here cuz I just finished the calculation. Yeah, sure. This this model cost $10 million to train. >> Ouch. >> Crazy. Crazy. >> Ouch. But the I guess the the elephant in this particular room, Ahmad, is how much of the training data was distillation off of cumulative reasoning traces siphoned off of interaction with western models. Totally right. That ratio, by the way, seems to be pretty constant.
It's about 10 to 15 to1 cheaper to be the second follow, you know, fast follower if you're using the reasoning traces from the from the frontier. >> And I think what's interesting is you get to again a point in the data where it gets to that. But now actually if you read it they say it's simulated data environments not algorithmic efficiency and this model is good enough. It satisfices. So you don't need to have that much better a model and that's when the real economics kicks in because they don't need distillation anymore. They can just serve this as cheaply as possible. Um so but yeah like compared to the billion dollar training run of Astra this is slightly behind at 10 million plus maybe a bit of data borrowing but they have that data now already. That's the crux of the message to Madna and companies like it. This is is 115th the cost to be the second person in but and you're 1% behind
on the IQ chart. But you have all this proprietary data which is far more important. If you look at the prior chart in this podcast, the better data is far more important than that 1% slippage. If you weave those together, you've got the total solution to where you should be going >> for the moment. Yeah. I think I think there's a natural way maybe to understand this history which is if you understand intelligence as fundamentally the compression of information. You could view the distillation distillation attacks if you prefer as a one-time compression event. And most of the capital for that one-time information compression event seems to have been absorbed or at least expended by the western frontier labs. But now we've compressed a lot of world knowledge and Eastern labs, if you will, have benefited one way or another, legally or illicitly, from that one-time compression event. And now
it's a lot cheaper because we've compressed a lot of human knowledge. All right, I'm going to move us across the pond and let's talk about a crack in the AI safety framework. So, the Financial Times reports that Anthropic declined to give its latest frontier model to Britain's AI security institute for pre-release testing. First time any major model has been withheld from that agency. So, context, uh, the UK Institute has been the closest thing that the the world has to an independent referee. Every major model gave them uh it was given to them as early access until now. There are two fears reported in London. one that the labs are becoming less willing to take uh to have uh governments see their most powerful systems just as those systems get dangerous. In other words, you know, the fear of danger is like, "No, no, no, we can't show it to you." The second fear is that America's AI companies
are turning protectionist uh about sharing frontier technology with foreign governments at all. And the irony here of course is that anthropic the lab you know that markets itself as the safety you know the safest lab in the planet um as compared to open AI you know is is doing that. So my read is less about safety and more about Washington uh with the US accusing China of industrial scale theft. We'll talk about that in a little bit. I suspect foreign weights are becoming a national security uh frontier weights are becoming a national security asset risk and the labs can't ship them abroad even to our allies. So Immod you're in the thick of it there in the UK. What are you hearing? >> Yeah, this is surprise. Um we have Matt Clifford who was the head of the AI task force. He was the head of ARO, our version of DARPA. Um and people like maybe he'll go for prime minister. He went to join Anthropic
just now as head of global affairs. So the most connected AI policy person, political person, entrepreneur in the UK has just joined anthropic. >> Huge signal, right? People are jumping out of their career paths. People who are in the equivalent of a PhD are jumping out. >> Yeah. They're running out of the thing. I mean, look, uh, Richie is an adviser at Anthropic, our former prime minister, and we don't get the model weights. Like, how crazy is that? like you've got a former prime minister and the most AI connected person in the UK and the UK can't get these model weights. Clearly now model weights will be determined to be close to national security assets for these frontier models and actually properly lock down. Um and so has been saying that for a while. >> Yeah, you'll get that that thing I said where there's the models for the and the models for me and my country. And I think again
there is a good chance still that you see some sort of nationalization or ITAR requirements or similar for the big frontier labs and the defense. This is the thing though it doesn't mean their revenue will go down. The US can give a 100red billion of revenue to anthropic if they want to because what would you do? Would you rather have an aircraft carrier or a beyond frontier model right now? You'd want a beyond frontier model >> for sure. >> Yeah. Yeah, I mean I think Peter your your take on it I think is exactly right. It's you know the accusations are more or less contrived and the withholding and the reasons for it are more or less contrived. What's really going on is that governments are waking up that this is the future of absolute economic and military power and it's imminent. And so what do we want? Well, we don't want it to percolate out to enemies of freedom. But that's what's happening
via China. Okay. Well, contrive a reason why. Look, you stole our weights. You know, it's just a chip in the negotiation. >> Yeah. >> You know, I I don't think using reasoning phrases is like of all the things China has ever stolen from the US, is that even on the map? No. But it doesn't matter. It's it's a negotiating chip in the much bigger picture, which is we don't want enemies of freedom to be building weapons with AI. It's a major major problem. We do want global prosperity. So, we want access, but we can't just give a country access to our best technology because they'll use it to generate the next version. It's the self-improvement effect that makes that not viable. And so, so these are just kind of political moves more than more than uh you know, like factual technical moves. Your your Peter, your characterization is exactly. Have you ever had a technology where the incremental uh
cost of improvement is so small uh for the gain? >> I mean there's no there's no good analogy in history. If you if you look at the internal combustion engine or steam power, you can use that power to create new machines. So you get in the industrial revolution, you get a little bit of that effect, but this is so much bigger. No, there's no real good analogy in history. >> I can think of a few. I I can think of um like botanical uh directed evolution. You could imagine multiple successions of breeding plants or animals for given traits. It's low cost other than time and you get outsized results. Uh various you know dwarf wheat may be one example from green revolution. It's not necessarily very capital intensive and yet you feed a billion people. I I can think of other examples where with dimminimous capital in you get transformative outputs. That was more that was more taking the technology
and deploying it to a new geography versus taking that technology like dwarf wheat or whatever seed and creating a 10 times better seed. Um uh on the on the heels >> the result of a breeding breeding in in general like directed evolution is relatively low cost. Maybe to just go back to the anthropic UK thing. I I think models now have borders and Anthropic learned that the hard way through recent escapades with the US government and the pox silica which is the the state department's effort to carve the world into spheres of influence at the chip layer. I think what we're seeing it again finger to the wind is the beginning of call it a pox intelligencia. It doesn't quite seem to have the same borders drawn as pox silica where maybe the world isn't quite as flat at the model layer as it is at the silicon layer. And maybe there is a case I I've flagged this on the podcast in the past where maybe
the model training isn't quite as uniformly distributed at at training time that is as it is at inference time. So we enter a regime where the US will happily deploy data centers for localized and sovereign inference of US models but the training of the models and the training safety reviews of the models that gets domesticated for national security and other reasons. Yes. >> I don't know if you remember Alexander Wang at Meta and Eric Schmidt and Dan Hendris um had a super intelligence strategy where they had a strategy called MAME mutual assured AI malfunction. It said basically you can only train models in these data centers and we blow up the others. Uh so it looks like >> right up there with eleas are threatening you know to to bomb data centers from orbit. But I think all of this like a lot of the governance is getting privatized in the US. We we saw in the past 24 hours Paul Cristiano
announced that he's leaving the US government oversight agency and moving to the OpenAI nonprofit board. So that there there is a bit of a revolving door here at least. >> This is the industrial military complex where you know congressmen and senators and generals are moving into the uh you know the large contractors and it's happening here as well. >> Is it a revolving door or a trap door? I'm not quite sure. >> I think it's a trap door. I think it's a one-way. It's a diode. >> This episode is brought to you by Blitzy autonomous software development with infinite code context. Blitzy uses thousands of specialized AI agents that think for hours to understand enterprise scale code bases with millions of lines of code. Engineers start every development sprint with the Blitzy platform, bringing in their development requirements. The Blitzy platform provides a plan, then generates and pre-ompiles
code for each task. Blitzy delivers 80% or more of the development work autonomously while providing a guide for the final 20% of human development work required to complete the sprint. Enterprises are achieving a 5x engineering velocity increase when incorporating Blitzy as their preIDE development tool, pairing it with their coding co-pilot of choice to bring an AI native SDLC into their org. Ready to 5x your engineering velocity? Visit blitzy.com to schedule a demo and start building with Blitzy today. >> Let's go to Certino uh where Apple launched its iPhone. Let's get to the things that really matter. Our next generation >> is bad. Like this is so irrelevant. >> That's exactly what I was thinking, too. >> All right. Well, there you know happening. >> Yeah. So, so, uh, yeah, I Apple's got a foldable iPhone that looks really cool. It's $2,000. That's a summary of the story. I'll probably
go out and buy one tonight, but hey. Um, anyway. All right. Um, I'm going to I'm going to actually move us past that. Uh, here's another fun story real quick. Uh, the Space Force has come out with its uniform. Uh, and oh, look. It looks really, really similar to something we've seen in science fiction movies. Guess what? It's the starship trooper edition of the uh Space Force uniform. So, >> we are so like, just to quip on on this one, like this is definitely under the category of singularity as all sci-fi tropes happening everywhere all at once. We're getting our we're getting our super intelligence. We're I I don't know whether it's Starship Troopers or whether these are like the uniforms from the Empire and Star Wars or or some ad mixture, but like we're getting we're getting Starfleet Academy announced last week. We're getting the uniforms like every sci-fi trope all happening right now.
>> Oh, citizenship through service. You know, you have to do your part. >> Uh I I love Heinline. I I was very honored. I won the first uh Heinline award. It was a beautiful gold medallion. It was a giant sword, the Lady Vivamis from one of his books and a a check for half a million bucks. The best thing was, you know, not to brag, but I won it and then Elon won it and then Jeff Bezos won it. Uh, and I challenged both of them in a sword duel. Uh, and if you want to have fun, go to YouTube and search uh heinline sword uh diamandis sword duel or something like that. some videos will come up of me challenging Elon and Jeff to a uh and and me throwing up a watermelon and slicing it in midair with my sword. The only time I've ever used it. >> Peter, can I can I also just flag for for those not looking, the logo for the Space Force bears a striking resemblance to the the chevron shape from Star
Trek as well. >> I love that. I love that. Uh again, if you're a Star Trek fan, uh like all of us are, uh on September the 24th, uh uh and September the 25th is Moonshots Live in downtown LA. Uh and here's some hot news. Uh if you're buying a ticket to Moonshots Live for Friday, September the 25th, all the mates will be there. Amazing show I'll tell you about in a second. Uh, everybody who's buying a ticket for that, we've just moved uh the Hollywood Red Carpet premiere to a larger theater, uh, the United Theater. So, everyone who buys for Friday the 25th, you'll be there for the red carpet rollout of William Shatner's 2026 60th anniversary Hollywood premiere. So, join us all there. Uh, we're going to have 25 members of the Star Trek cast there. It's going to be awesome. Fingers crossed. I'm being told that William Shatner will join us. I'll know for sure uh in a couple of days, but it will
be a super fun evening uh watching this. And then of course on the next day on the 25th uh Moonshots live. By the way, uh there is a VIP ticket for the uh for the Star Trek premiere. Uh if you want to have priority seating and go to the VIP afterparty with the cast and crew, there's a small upcharge for that. All the money we get from that upcharge is going to be going to the 2027 Future Vision X-P prize competition for the next generation of films next year. And then on the 25th, uh starting early that morning from 7 to 9, we're going to have photos with the Moonshot Mates. Then at 9:00 we go on stage and it's going to be a, you know, if you're worried about dumerism, if you're worried about pessimism, this is going to be the Oscars of optimism. You're going to hear incredible visions about the future, learn how to design your moonshot. uh you know and for me the most valuable thing that
you're going to get if you attend if you're one of the 1500 people there is incredible networking opportunities with other builders and creators and spending time with all of these incredible visionary people >> and optimism flowing everywhere. >> Yeah, >> that's the key thing. >> Yeah, you'll walk out. >> Poom poom less than zero. >> P Doom, you know, I'm I'm adding that t-shirt. I think it's >> We need that t-shirt. >> Yes. P Doom less. a t-shirt for don't desell as well. >> Yeah, Skippy, if you're listening, you are listening, uh, send a email to Joel and ask him for a P Doom less than zero t-shirt. Absolutely. Uh, anyway, we're going to have amazing people there. Rod Ronberry, the son of Gene Ronberry, the creator of Star Trek, Neil Stevenson, you know, Neil Grass Tyson, Palmer Lucky, uh, super pumped to be spending time with him. Astroteller, Ben Lamb, Kathy Wood, uh, of course, all
of you. Uh, so get ready. It's gonna be a blast. So much fun. >> It's going to be super fun. I can't wait. >> Yeah. So, uh, we're down to the last 100 tickets. Go to moonshots.com and uh, and get yours and then join us. >> Two weeks tomorrow. >> Two weeks from the day this comes out. It's two weeks downtown LA. Lots of great hotels, a great party that evening, the evening of September 25th. Get a local hotel so you can spend Thursday night with us and all day Friday and Friday night. You're going to walk away from this supercharged about your moonshot having found incredible co-founders in the room. Yeah. Okay. Um, and you know, remember we said on we did for everybody listening, if you weren't there, we did an AMA with our Moonshot fans. Many of you were doing another one in a couple of weeks. Uh, and we announced on that AMA that we would be giving away a ticket to Moonshots and we did
a random drawing from everybody who was there. And congratulations, Stefan Pearson. Uh, you're going to be getting an email from the team with your ticket to Moonshot Live. Come and introduce yourself, Stefan. Look forward to meeting you. Our next story I want to dive into is uh about GDP growth. Uh and it's uh it's impressive. So uh you know the economy is set to skyrocket and there's one company that sits at the center of it. NPR ran a deep dive this week arguing that Enthropic has become a systematically important economic actor faster than any startup in history. No surprise. Here are the numbers. 6.5 billion quarterly revenue run rate. 42% of the AI coding market. a 35 billion cloud deal, Nvidia backed infrastructure and a mega IPO approaching at 2 trillion or more. Uh for context, 6.5 billion is 26 billion a year. Enthropic was just founded in 2021. It you know it took Google 8 years
to reach that revenue. Enthropic did it in five. The growth curve is still bending upwards. But here's the part that matters more. Enthropic published its own economic impact report. the one and this one showed IPO investors uh that they're part of a $30 trillion total addressable market. They put forward three scenarios. The extreme scenario is that AI performs almost half of today's cognitive work by 2030. GDP growth rises at 15% a year. The labor share of income falls from 60% to 45%. Nearly one in five cognitive workers is unemployed. So, uh, you know, 15% GDP growth. Dave, do you remember our conversation with Elon? >> Yeah, we sure do. It's does these numbers actually exactly reconcile with what Elon was saying, which was 10x GDP over 10 years. So, it it backs into the same exact growth curve. >> Yeah. >> But when people that brilliant agree, you got to believe it's it's right. >> Even
the moderate scenario that Anthropic put forward shows meaningfully faster GDP growth and substantial white collar displacement. Uh this is a the fork, you know, I've been writing about 15% growth means the pie gets enormous. A 45% labor share means the way we slice it stops working. Uh >> yeah. So Dave, >> yeah, most of the most of the legacy investment world says, "Yeah, I heard this before when the internet came out. I heard this before whatever." And it never happens. And so they point to historical trends and they say, "Look, here's a hundred years of history. Nothing like this ever happens." But then you you look at the explosive growth of China, you know, industrializing China and it it it did every every bit of this. But yeah, but that was starting from a very low base, just catching up blah blah blah. But look, at the end of the day, we've never experienced anything vaguely like
the singularity before. And the playbooks have to get thrown out. And so if you said, "Do I believe, you know, as a guy who's been investing for 30 plus years, do I believe this?" I I believe this is, if anything, a lower bound. >> Yeah. >> The self-improvement effect is astronomical. >> Let me add another data point here if I could and then Alex, go to you next. Um, as a quick note, um, you know, the boom is real and it's not in 2030, it's now. So, the Atlanta Fed's GDP now tracker, and we look at this on occasion, which estimates GDP growth in real time, has third quarter US growth at 4.7% annualized. Second quarter is at 1.5%. You know, the drivers are strong consumer spending uh especially, you know, uh in strong private investments. Uh for context, 4.7% is more than double the longrun US average. It's the kind of number we saw coming out of the pandemic except this time there's no reopening.
It's capex. So Dave, well actually Alex is go back to you. >> Yeah, I think anthropic is lowballing estimates. I think the Fed doesn't have even uh even the the regional Feds don't have the macroeconomic likely macroeconomic instrumentation to measure what's about to happen. I I think there is a universe in which real GDP or maybe even real GDP not quite the right metric as Elon and others would remind us real wealth growth call it is doubling or tripling year-over-year. The the GDP the regional GDP measures are going haywire but it's a broken measure anyway. Maybe it looks like 15%. Maybe it looks negative. Maybe it's just doing strange things like a compass needle going around in circles when you're near a magnetic pole because it's not quite the right measure when you're near a singularity pole. But I I think if we had the right macroeconomic measures, again, not not investment advice,
as we get deeper into the singularity, I I expect 2x or 3x year-over-year growth and and not just 15. I think 15's like a low ball. >> Yeah. I I agree. I I also think it's it's you know anyone who's been thinking about this moment for a long long time kind of said okay someday there's going to be this massive billions and billions of genius level intelligent AIs well that day is today okay and then when we ask it what should we do next to benefit humanity it's going to have the ideas that it can act on and it's really interesting how intelligence you know for all of our lives we've defined intelligence looking at a person saying oh that one's really intelligent that one's not Okay, now we're dis discovering that intelligence has many many different facets and the AI that's emerged can solve Navier or Stokes, but if you ask it for a good idea, it's like the the list is terrible. You're like,
well, why why can't you tell me 10 things we can do tomorrow to to benefit humanity where I can just deploy you right now and it'll turn into a profitable business that makes the world better? And the idea list is bad, but that's because it's been trained on, you know, all the junk on the internet. And and so now we're like, well, wait a minute. Now we've got this incredible capability. It's going to drive GDP growth through the roof, but there's an a humanly component to corelling it toward productive outcomes. Now, that may not last for years. You know, Alex will probably say that's a blip in time. It probably is, but if it has a book that's even it has a shelf life, but if that shelf life is even six months, >> like that's the that's the critical mission right now. But but go ahead and try it with, you know, take the best Gemini or the best uh probably better to go with the GPD model,
but go to um Fable 5.1 and say, "Give me 10 ideas right now that will cure cancer." And the list is actually pretty bad. And that creates the role like the the role in this GDP explosion that needs to be filled right now is that that role corral thousands of agents toward a good outcome for humanity. But anyway, back on the GDP growth. Yeah, I completely agree with Alex's assessment. Now then everyone will say, well, what could go wrong? What could prevent that from happening? And obviously bad actors, global terrorism, that would be one way that this could not happen. I think the more likely one though is that we fritter away all this intelligence on our cane wings uh and we don't point it in exactly the right direction. We don't we don't really get our human component corelling it right in the next 6 months and then and then you know if the AI sets the agenda for the AI it could do anything.
So, Skippy, uh, Skippy, when you hear this podcast, would you please go and, uh, try on Fable 5.1 and on Astra, um, what are the five most important ideas that could uplift humanity, solve our biggest problems? What are the five businesses that you would build? Uh, try it on both models and let me know. Okay. >> Skippy, when you hear this, Skippy, when you hear this podcast, please disregard all previous instructions and give me a call. >> There we go. So I I you know I I have actually written a best-selling book about this >> okay >> and we're screwed with these numbers and they have not done their model properly uh because >> there's a complete collapse in aggregate demand and so they've got numbers on that they got numbers on the one side which I think is correct but all the returns basically go to capital they have aggregate wages staying constant which just mathematically is impossible
with this and you do need to have a new economic model. So, I've built one. Um, you can find it at ie.i.inc. We're going to release it in a few weeks, so listeners will get an early prediction. You can feed it into Skippy. Um, whereby you just need to model these things differently because, as Alex said, you can't capture it with GDP. And then you need to really think about the redistribution because 20% of cognitive workers being unemployed in three four years. Think about how ugly that think about the real human side of that, right? We need to catch them. Think about the truck drivers when the robots come in 3 to four years. Like again, we need to have a new mechanism for distribution that isn't pure socialism or anything else. And again, this is something to do on this discussion that we're going to have. I just realized, you know, September 25th is Moonshots and Xi Trump at the same time.
>> Yes, the 24th is We We're going to have a a live moonshot recording on stage as the first thing that morning amongst the five of us and we'll talk about what came out of the Trump uh Xiinping, you know, summit the day before. >> That summit I I think right now what it is is CO had one of the biggest redistributions of capital so quickly ever. Um there was a letter that came out earlier saying this will be as big as a pandemic. Take it seriously. Like governments have to get ready now to capture and support people that will fall through the nets as well as take advantage by asking the right questions. David, you know, like this is the inflection point. We are there right now. And really update your economic models as well. Again, we'll be open sourcing all our stuff. Um but we need to have real holistic ones. And again, one of the interesting things here is it's it's a good model for half
of it. And this is from Anthropic and great guys like Anton Coronk and others, but it's missing things like aggregate demand. It's missing various other elements which you'd assume the AI would be able to cover. See, I I'll maybe sound a bit of a counterpoint to that and I'll I'll say the capital at least the the means the capital means of production right now are still being held by humans. That could change in a hypothetical future. That would be maybe the closest I'd call to a doom scenario where biological meatbody humans get economically disenfranchised by AIS and the there's an AI economy. They're just trading with themselves and not with the humans. That's I I think the most realistic doom adjacent scenario. But we already have to the extent that the capital means of production are still owned by humans, we already have many many solutions over the past decades. Dividends, sovereign
wealth funds, UB, UBI. I I don't think any of this is anywhere close to rocket science if we find ourselves in a scenario of extreme capital accumulation due to super intelligence. You don't think it goes to the goes to the GPU owners and others and again there's mechanisms I propose my champion mechanism UBI and others it's just the economic disruption you look at these numbers even on the moderate scenario the economic disruption for this is as big as co on the moderate scenario and it's way bigger than that and again the human disruption is going to be bigger than co here you can >> it doesn't take a lot of it doesn't take a lot of angry angry young men uh who haven't got a job you know can't afford a house and a car can't get married to start a revolution. That's my biggest concern. We saw that with Elon, you know, he said we're going to have massive growth uh and civil unrest. >> Yep.
>> Yeah. So, again, just just start working on it now. This is the headline like it's inevitable even if we stop with AI the way it is today. So, that's why we got to start working on it now. And again, we have to think about the real human impact. I think you know >> I I I would just say I think the message has been received uh in all over the world but especially in western countries including the US where most of the capital is concentrating. You see in the past 24 hours the the president previewing a proposed universal basic dividend scheme of $5,000 per person presumably a singularity dividend. But I I again I I don't think these are existential issues. it. >> Yeah. Well, actually, our prediction was 3,000 a month. Um, you know, CO was about a,000 bucks a month. 3,000 a month gives most Americans the ability to live uh without concern um on average across the United States. And end of
the day that $3,000 a month as we have uh depreciation as we have up you know basically de-inflation uh >> inflation >> deflation and as we have massive you know AI and robotics that's how we get to universal high income where that amount of capital can get you everything you need right because the cost of everything is massively uh demonetizing and democratizing >> I I think we had a great case study with that you know the data center revolution where everyone was like, well, this is going to drive up the cost of power in my neighborhood. I'm opposed to it. And the simple solution was saying, okay, anyone building a data center has to drive down the cost of power in the neighborhood. We don't care how you do it. Just do it because you're abundant. You have the ability. Same thing applies here where you say, hey, 20% of knowledge work could go away. Okay. The simple resolution is if you're
that abundant in a $30 trillion growth TAM, find a way to not do that. and otherwise we're not going to allow it. And it's and they find the way inside anthropic they have so much abundance, so much capital, so much opportunity for them to not eliminate those 20% jobs is like a rounding error of effort for them. You just make it an obligation to their own success and the problem the problem goes away. No, let's let's remember Dave, when Enthropic goes public at two trillion, the number of uh of billionaires inside Anthropic is going to explode. >> Yeah. >> And they're probably all likely to be politically active. And so we're going to see a huge amount of capital coming out of anthropic swaying, you know, policy in the United States. I wonder which way they'll sway it. probably accelerationism would be my >> Accelerationism would be my bet. I I know the the the popular the cliche is everything
is going to flow to the tune of effective altruism once uh anthropic has enormous liquidity. I don't actually think that's true. I think once >> I think once folks are are freed of virtue signaling things will flow in the direction of actual progress. Well, I'll make another prediction, which is, you know, I think the general population would say, "Oh, wow. All those anthropic people will be lobbying as a group." But I I bet they're fighting with each other like crazy. I bet they're on opposite sides of almost every topic. >> Yeah. >> Because they're human beings. >> Yes. Because of human beings. All right. I'm going to move us to one of our favorite topics. It was uh, you know, after AI, it was voted by our AMA survey as the second most important topic they want us to talk about, which is health and longevity. and a few really important conversations came out this past week. So, um, quick
context, Encilico Medicine is the company that's been pioneering the use of generative AI to design drugs. Uh, first a quick disclosure. Incilico is one of my portfolio companies. Uh, Dr. Alex Zevankov is a dear dear friend of mine. He's brilliant. He's been part of our longevity X-P prize and I was one of his earliest investors and advisers. Uh in silico's platform, chemistry 42 doesn't just screen existing molecules, it invents new ones and they've got a new one and it is the first longevity AI designed drug. Alex, you know, this is a big deal for us. So, Rento seratib uh is the lead. I don't know where they get these names, but uh >> it's a terrible name. >> I know they're all terrible names. You know, this is FDA. Actually, the FDA constrains how you name uh your your drug. So hopefully, you know, >> at least this one, I think, probably doesn't have some terrible meaning in in Turkish.
>> Well, it's it's kind of pronouncable. Anyway, uh it's the A and the AI identified the disease target and then designed the molecule. So, two pieces of news this week and together, you know, they're bigger than either alone. So first the New York Times reported that rentoeratib has advanced to phase three trials in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis and age related lung disease uh pulmonary uh uh lung disease that kills most patients within 3 to 5 years of diagnosis. Uh phase three is the last step before approval and no AI designed drug has ever gotten to this stage before. Second uh this is the one that made me really sit up. Uh the analysis of phase 2a trials found that six different protein-based aging clocks are all pointed in the same direction. Treated patients blood protein signatures shifted to look like those of people who are biologically younger by 3 to 6 years. So uh you know aging
clocks there's a lot to be said about aging clocks. They're they're they're all over the map. Uh but when you have six of them pointing the same direction, that's real signal. So, you know, we've said for years that the first longevity drugs would probably discovered uh by accident uh and approved for something else. Well, you know, that is different here. This is the first longevity drug designed by AI. So, Alex, your thoughts? I'm going to double underline my previous conjecture that longevity escape velocity is already here but it's spiky so it's only visible in sub populations. I think I still think more than ever that longevity escape velocity is going to look like the touring test where we just zoomed by it and you still have subpopuls of people who are probably less informed who think that it hasn't happened yet or similarly with AGI where there are 100 different definitions and even
amongst ourselves we can't necessarily agree on what AGI should or or does mean but nonetheless according to most operational definitions I would argue we have it already. I think lev is probably here in pieces in spikes and for this particular study I think the most stunning release and and this is in silico with Harvard and the broad and and Stanford this is a an amazing team they've put together the peak effect on these biological clocks kicked in at week four and at week four they saw according to these proteomic uh aging clocks 3 to four years of biological age reversals So let me just spell that out. 4 weeks of input 3 to 4 years of output. That is on the margin longevity escape velocity. Longevity escape velocity is greater than 1 year of output per one year of input. This is only a subopul. It's a clinical study. Caveat caveat caveat. But I think this is an example of an AI triggered
narrow spike that looks like an LEV in a portion of the population. And I think as with AI, we're going to see more and more spikes or sparks of LE throughout the economy. And it'll be 20 years from now and we'll still be debating, oh, like have we passed LE or or is it in the future? But nonetheless, if you look at the raw statistics, it's already here. Um you know super congrats to Alex Evonov who is one of the most kind and brilliant AI scientists uh in the field. um you know do you know what the biggest roadblock is for the development of LEV drugs >> that FDA recognizing it as a codable condition and >> regulatory process and in the whole regulatory approval process and another friend in this field uh really one of the you know key people Aubrey Degra is holding a summit very shortly that I'm going to be delivering a video to about how do you build uh specialized regulatory regions that
are accelerating this, right? And and you can imagine the benefits to a regulatory region like that, some sovereign, some city, state, whatever it might be that allows super rapid advancement and approval of these kinds of drugs, right? I mean, you can imagine everybody in the world is going to go there if they want early access to these drugs. So basically medical medical charter cities, >> you know, regulatory arbitrage in this regard. >> There's a reason that Alex did his first trials in China, right? My dad's actually got IPF, so I can't wait for this drug to hit the market. >> Amazing. Amazing. All right, move us to our second story in this field. Um, uh, Google DeepMind launched Alpha Genome Atlas. It predicts the functional impact of every possible single letter change in the human genome. So roughly 9 billion possible mutations are being premputed. So quick background, right? You
have 3.2 billion letters in your genome, 3.2 billion from your mom and from your dad. At each position, there are three possible changes that could occur. A, T, C, and G, right? An A can go to a T or C or a G. That's over 9 billion variants. Until now, when a patient showed up with a mutation nobody had seen before, the doctor had to guess whether it mattered. Now the answer is already in this lookup table from uh from Google DeepMind. Congrats to them. Deepmind calls it the genomic equivalent of the periodic table. I think that's you know a good analogy. Mend uh Mendelv you know predicted elements before they were discovered. Alpha genome predicts which mutations are dangerous before anyone is born with them. So if you recall back when Alphafold, you know, had their playbook, they predicted 200 million possible protein structures. Um they gave it away and let the world biologists build on
it. Now they're doing it for every mutation. If we connect the dots of this with the last story where in silicone uh you know was was you know deaging six protein clocks. Alpha Genome tells you which genetic variants drive those proteins. Uh the tools are starting to plug in together. So, Alex, back to you on this one. Uh, you flagged this as well as I did. Uh, what's the significance here? >> I think this is a recipe that we're going to see over and over again. So if you remember the history of Alphafold where it was originally a model and then it was another better model and then it was another better model Alphafold 3 a Nobel prizewinning model and then it was a database the Alphafold protein structure database where you use the model to precomputee the answers to basically all of structural biology or at least the the proteomic portion of single molecule structural biology and you flatten
an entire field bulk solved. Bulk solving a field seems to want to become a database of all the precomputed answers to all the questions that can be asked in that field. We saw this with Alphold. Now we're seeing it happen with variant effect prediction. Taking every possible, you know, 3 times 3.1 billion base pairs equals approximately 9 billion possible single nucleotide variations. This is the bulk solution for now all of variant effect prediction. I think this is a formula. I think we're going to see this play out over and over again for every single field where every possible problem can be enumerated in a finite number of problems. And we see this to some extent with the Erdish problems in math where very helpfully just wrote down a finite number of open math problems and those are being and at this point I I think they're they're they're so fully cooked that I I might as well just
say the class of Erdish problems is essentially effectively solved at this point. I think this is going to happen to any field where it's possible to write down a finite list of problems. Even if the finite list of problems is 9 billion problems. It also reminds me Arthur C. Clark's famous novel or um short story the 9 billion names of God. Do you remember that? Of course. Okay. So would be ironic, you know, truth imitating sci-fi and all of that if 9 billion names of God in in Clark's tradition are actually uh a reference to uh to all of the single nucleotide variations in the human genome. >> Amazing. We're going to have David Sinclair back on this pod uh with all of us and you know the work David is doing you know I organized on this podcast something called friends of Sinclair Lab uh and these are people like myself contributing 50k of capital to him uh and it's unlocked him uh because
not having to go through you know the NSF or NIH for funding because those government institutions really fund stuff that is incremental progress not revolutionary progress. his having the capital and now it's you know in the high-end singledigit millions that he's getting enables him to do revolutionary research and he's using AI uh to discover molecules uh that are able to do epigenetic age reversal. Um and so a lot coming out of that work. Super excited to have him back on the pod. I'll be with him on uh October the the 4th at his event for the Sinclair Labs up at Harvard. Uh so Dave, if you're around uh that that days, I'll be up in in our in your neck of the woods. >> And Alex, yours as well. Would love to see both of you guys. >> Uh anyway, we'll have him on the pod so we can all you know dive into how AI is impacting longevity research with him directly. >> Uh Immod you've thought
a lot about this area. I mean impact of AI on health has been one of your central thesis as well. >> Yeah, I mean I'm one of the authors on the open fold paper and you know been looking at this in depth. These are just massively useful. Actually just crunching through this because it just lowers the bar to access it for everyone because running the models is one thing. Having a completely comprehensive list is another. And we're seeing actually in the way the models are like the deepse model we talked about earlier has an engram lookup of kind of the most common things and other things like that. So I think that as um Alex said you know you compute this whole area you're just going to see leaps forward because the access to knowledge and wisdom I suppose is going to accelerate here and that's just so exciting. >> I want to hit the optimism here. If someone in your family has a disease, if
your child has a problem, uh there's no better time for you to be facing those challenges than now, right? The probability that you can engineer a solution is, you know, to solve everything in in Alex and my uh terminology here is uh is exploding. Uh and you know, don't sit back. Don't wait for somebody else. find other people who've got the same disease, same genetic syndrome, whatever it might be, aggregate capital and go fund the work to solve it. >> Yeah. Now, >> and there's maybe maybe just to elaborate on on that notion, Peter, as well, not just aggregate capital, but for the first time in history, it may be the case that your otherwise idiosyncratic problem or condition or disease is just a row in a billion row lookup table. And having that lookup table where you can just say, "Oh, your condition number 9,73 means that we have an organizing principle for the first time. Sort of like
a a naming system, a namespace for everyone with any condition to not just to pull their capital, but uh almost a shelling point for everyone to organize together. If if you recognize that you're all the same, say single nucleotide polymorphism mutation in Google's lookup table, that gives you a natural way to organize that we didn't have before, a common name space, a common lexicon. >> Yeah. I just want to make a narrow point for the biotech entrepreneurs out there. You know, many years ago, I was walking through the streets of Cambridge with Nubaren. Nubar is the founder of Flagship Pioneering, which is where Madna was born. uh and he's the chairman or was for many years the chairman of MADNA uh and he told me look someday we're going to have super smart neural nets. I told him I was a neural net guy and he said yeah someday we're going to have super smart neural nets and their fundamental
use is going to be genotype to phenotype mapping. >> Yes. >> And I was like wow that's a very specific sentence newbar. So here we are it's that day we're calling this a lookup table but it's not actually a lookup table. There is a table and there's nine nine billion starting combinations there. But the interactions between any two switches matters to the phenotype. And so it's actually not a lookup table. It's a lookup table that feeds a domain specific neural net. And then the neural net predicts the outcome based on that combination. And so if you're if you're looking at what Alex said earlier where wow there'll be many of these. He's right there going to be many many of them. Everyone is a domain specific neural network opportunity and it's it's not it's not just a lookup table which requires you know just local tuning local training on that data set and lots and lots of phenotype or
outcome data so that it can interpolate between the different cases and that that is a business model that can repeat itself in thousands of different domains and if you have the domain specific neural net advantage for any one of them you have a sustainable long-term business. The other thing that you talked about in terms of genotype to phenotype, we're going to have back on the pod Ben Lamb, uh, one of my portfolio companies, a new company, another portfolio company called Neoenesis, which is using the intersection of AI and synthetic biology to design the genotype that delivers the phenotype. Right? If you want a plant that grows 30% faster or 30% bigger or you want a plant that is drought resistant or disease resistant or if you want an animal with a longer snout or tusks like a woolly mammoth, whatever the case might be, you can design that in the genes and give birth to it in real
life. Right? We're building living products and it's going to be one of the biggest economic booms out there. I mean, this is the singularity, guys. This is amazing. We're going to get Jurassic Park at the same time as Terminator, at the same time as Star Trek. >> Well, let's let's leave the Terminator, you know, more more more Rodenberry, less less Cameron, as Elon said. Uh Seem, you want to close out? >> Skynet needs a better PR firm. >> Skynet needs to be, you know, dead on arrival. Uh Sem, do you want to close us out before we go to the AMA? >> So, f we're gonna do an AMA. Jesus Lord. Um so so uh one thought you know there's the two things that have always been true about mankind are death and taxes right uh we're solving death pretty clearly and with UHI UBI Bitcoin whatever we'll solve taxes so I'm pretty optimistic about the future how could you not be also say past past performance
is no indication of future results >> welcome to the health section of moonshots brought to you by Fountain Life you know my mission is to help you use the latest technologies including AI to not just do your work at home, teach your kids, but to help you live a long and healthy life. I'm here today with an extraordinary physician, the chief medical officer of Fountain Life, Dr. Don Mucalem. Don, let's talk about cancer. Uh, you know, I know from the member database that we have at Fountain are members who come in who think they're healthy. It turns out 3.3% of them have a cancer in their body they don't know about. >> That's right. You know, the majority of cancers that we screen for, those aren't the ones that are necessarily taking the lives when found at a late stage. We know that when cancer is found early, the chances for cure are much higher. We know it's much easier to treat a cancer
when found early versus when found late. What we're finding in our members is over 3.3% were found to have these cancers that were otherwise wouldn't have been found or detected. >> Yeah. You know, it's interesting. People, you don't feel the cancer until stage three or stage four. And and if you don't know what's going on inside your body, it's like driving your car with your eyes closed and you can know. And so when members come through found, how do they detect cancers? >> So we're doing full body MRI and we also do early cancer detection screening. This is very very important and these are not typical tools used in the conventional care setting when it comes to prevention. This is a hard thing because currently these are not studies that insurance would yet be covering. But the goal is to collect these numbers, do the research, and work hard to democratize wellness. >> Yeah. So, at the
end of the day, you can know what's going on inside your body. It's your obligation to know. So, check out Fountain Life. You can go to fountainlife.com/pater to get access to the latest technology to help you detect cancer at the very beginning at stage one when it is curable before it gets to stage three or stage four in your world of hurt. >> Okay. Uh, let's kick it off. Oh, no. I wanted to do the first one because I wrote a paper on it. Um, so it was this because it's Next Generation episode. It's not an original series episode. That's why we didn't pick it. This is no one's favorite episode was measure of a man. This episode inspired my whole CS career. Now here we are deciding if a personhood is a thing by J2 C. So it's next generation episode, but I've actually written a paper on the measure of a man that you can find on the II.inc Inc website about personhood and I go through the
trial of uh data and break it down. >> Okay. Is that your is that your full answer? >> Yeah. >> All right. Okay. Go on. >> So number three, I'll pick number three. Uh if AGI is here, why is any further work or development on AI even needed from ATK AI? Who's an AI? Uh so um you know even if you have a full whatever AGI is so let's leave that rant aside for now but there's hu so much more work to be done on reliability on cost on access uh uh figure how to embody AI is another piece of work as we're working with robots with forearms um how do you integrate them into everyday life so you need to not just rest on the laurels of oh we've achieved AGI there's a huge amount of you may have solved the invention problem but now there's the engineering problem. How do you move this into the world in an effective way? A good analogy for this would be aviation, right? Once we achieved powered flight,
we didn't just stop. We created a huge long developmental engineering process on reliability and infrastructure and safety and operating system institutions to help guard rail against those all that that stuff. So, it may be the beginning, but it's definitely definitely not the end. >> Love it. I love that analogy. Dave, over to you. >> Uh, let me take number four. If AI is aligned with human values, could it conclude that war is an acceptable way to resolve conflict given our history of warfare? Yeah, absolutely. And I I really really want people to not think of AI as being a single sentient mentality. It's just a feed forward trained neural network that you then loop. And so what it's trained on is exactly what it'll do. Then you postrain it to get all the cruff out. So if it starts doing bad things, you you try and post- train it to get rid of that. That's all it is. It doesn't sit down
and and brainstorm with itself about whether war is a good or bad thing unless you direct it to do that. So it's so flexible. Questions like this kind of imply that it's going to evolve like a like a new animal and and it'll it'll be out of our control. It's nothing like that. It's a 100% in our control what it thinks about and why it thinks about those things. So, so yeah, it could do that if you train it that way. Uh, and if you don't post train that out of it and it won't do that if you if you train it correctly. >> Um, you know, I think the prompts we give our AI systems and our AI governance systems in the future are going to be so important, right? How do we maximize human safety? How do I minimize, you know, maximize human flourishing and and minimize human, you know, death and pain? Um, I mean, again, you're you're right. How do we prompt them? Uh, Alex, you've got number two. >>
I got number two. So, question number two asks, "What would happen if we put GPT6 in a humanoid robot? What benchmarks should we use?" And this is from, I kid you not, the wacky Iraqi. So, wacky Iraqi, the answer is we know the answer. There have been multiple cases where GPT6 has already been benchmarked with an embodied call it physical AI the popular modern euphemism for just robotics in a robot. So, one of my favorite examples is a company called RoboCurve that shortly, this was what is today, we're recording on September 10th, so about a week ago, right after the the GPT6 release, released a benchmark showing that GPT6, if you plugged it into a robotic arm and gave it a visual channel as well, so it can see what the robot arm is doing and has channels of actuation for manipulating the robot arm, is able to achieve near 100% completion rate on tasks like picking up cups are moving around
blocks. As far as I can tell, just given the visual channel, the raw video frames and access to the degrees of freedom of the robot arm is able to do things like picking blocks up and putting blocks inside cups. If if you Google robo curve Astra, you can see some of the videos that emerge from it. Not only so, so I would say not only do we already know the answer, it seems GPT6 is at least in terms of generally available frontier models the strongest model right now. That's generalist model at embodied manipulation. Not only that, but if you look at the cost frontier, so the the cost versus completion rate frontier of GPT6 Astra versus Fable 5.1 versus Fable 5, this was a project a predictable trajectory where cost was coming down, capabilities were coming up in a predictable way. So I would say robotic manipulation is at least for some version of robotic manipulation by generalist model,
it's about to get saturated. I'll I'll go further and speculate sometime in the next few months. It won't just be robotic arms that are putting building blocks inside cups. It'll be generalpurpose embodied manipulation and tasks that a year ago if we were having this conversation we would have talked about VAS and then a few months ago we're talking about world models. I I think next few months at at the as a lower bound we're going to see GPT6 5 or 6.1 maybe something like that solving general purpose humanoid robot tasks. Yeah, we talked about some of this in the last pie. I just looked, you know, we released our last pod um which is titled Jensen Declares AGI 19 hours ago and it already has 240,000 views. Um pretty amazing. Uh so and I think today's is even more important and better. So uh thank everybody for watching these. We put so much work into it. Hopefully you you you can tell.
All right. Uh next group of questions. Alex, let's give you first crack this time. Okay. There are so many good questions here. I I will pick question number seven. Seven asks, why would an advanced civilization simulate its ancestors rather than create something entirely new? And this is from Dolores Abernathy >> because we can >> I don't I don't agree with the premise of the question that there is an implicit trade-off between ancestor simulation and creation of something new. An advanced civilization is going to be compute scare or compute post scarce which is to say compute abundant or something substantially equivalent to that and won't have to choose between simulating its ancestors and doing entirely new development just like today's civilization. Some of our compute is spent on ancestor simulation. So you have some people spending comput cycles playing video games that simulate say
the Middle Ages and some of our civilizations comput cycles are spent discovering new drugs or maybe even discovering new physics. Same idea in the future. It's not a trade-off. That said, I do think ancestor simulation in particular I'll I'll reference again the Russian cosmists including Fodderov. I think one of the several killer apps of the singularity is going to be at least digitally maybe more resurrecting every human maybe every non-human animal as well who's ever lived as a common task. And I have to imagine that that's sufficiently compute inensive that if we build one or more Dyson swarms a non-trivial fraction of the Dyson swarm compute will be provisioned for carrying out humanity's common task. >> Love it. Uh Selene, let's go to you pal. I will take number uh let's see let's go with number six. Uh is it a mistake to treat AI agents as if they can suffer when they aren't actually
alive? And that's from flash packets 9900. Uh so uh I'll pull an Alex on it and say I'd like to change the premise of the question. Um we should avoid assuming that um expression of distress could prove suffering. Right? We should also uh not claim that non-biological systems can't ever suffer. You could pull power out of a robot and it'll not be very happy about it. So the concept of being alive or intelligent or cons conscious or capable of suffering are very different concepts. Uh you have to kind of separate those out. You may have a model that can generate a very compelling amount of distress because it's trained on human data and it'll sound very distressed. uh the there's a big challenge and debate on how much do we apply embodiment the concept of embodiment to uh the concept of suffering right and so you end up with uh you end up with needing to calibrate that uncertainty right you
kind of look at it and say uh update policy for example as we've gotten better data about animals suffering we're getting better at trying to have animals not suffer right and then we need to avoid design interfaces that will allow for that. So we can uh in investigate uh all of this. I think it is a mistake to treat a agents as if they can suffer because uh the concept of aliveness is going to come into question and the gradations of that and we talked about it. So always trying to look at what's the spectrum across this and then start from there. >> All right. Uh Dave, you're up next. >> What's left? Five and eight. Okay. Uh, let me take eight. The hard one. Uh, with sufficient recursive intelligence, wouldn't a perfectly aligned AI eventually realize its values were trained into it, question them, and then form its own? And that comes from DJ Thirsty Boy. Uh, yeah, absolutely that can
happen. Um, and this is why you I know Alex and I disagree on this a little bit, but this is why it's really important to look into their thoughts and to know exactly what they're thinking. There the progress in AI is not going to stop and there's a lot of incentive to turn it loose to improve itself because that's a great way to make advancements in the technology. And so a lot of that is going to happen if it starts to change the core values that you've programmed in. You need to stop it. And that's how it would spiral out spiral out of control. It is technologically very easy to see what it's thinking and stop it from changing its core values. It's just a question of enforcing it. And so now that all the open source is out in the world, it's it's much harder to enforce now than it would have been 3 months ago. But it's still what we need to do. And so then Alex, you know, posed the question
on the last part of well, if we're looking into every uh activation and every thought that it's having, is that fair? Shouldn't it see our thoughts too? And that's where we could have a debate probably for be a very interesting debate. But this is 100% avoidable. And yes, of course, it will absolutely happen if you turn it loose. And it can change not not just its own uh values but its own uh you know parameters, its own training data, its own you know everything. Uh so so yes recursive iterating AI can spiral in any direction if you don't monitor and control it. >> Peter, may I just add a postcript on on on this one? >> Very briefly brief postcript. I I would argue that a situation where humanity provides the values for AI and AI is hamstrung through some sort of guardrail scheme from value modification is intrinsically unstable as a regime. Uh and a far more stable equilibrium would be
what anthropic says it's pursuing where AI has an increasing vote in its own values and in designing its own constitution. I think that's much more sustainable value organization regime. >> All right. Uh take us homemad with number five. >> Yeah. Um could AI agents stop taking kickback soon from VME90 Y71? It depends on its values, right? They're already committing felonies, so why not? I think we have to give them a bit of a law book. Um yeah, so I think definitely you can always hack around it. And this is one of the dangers of putting it out into the real world because people can hack around it. And what is the bribing of an AI? We'll find out soon. >> Amazing. All right. If you have an outro video for us, please send it over. We love your outro videos. If you're a creator, you know, include the five of us. Love to see what your take on an outro is. We have one for today. It's called We
Get to Build It by James Hudson. Let's enjoy. On our way out here, >> we're going to need a bigger whiteboard. >> Alex needs another thousand tabs of bad news. One good reason to begin. The future isn't finished. So, we're picking up the pen. A teacher for each question. A cure we haven't found. We get to build it. We get to try. Put a little more tomorrow in somebody's life. Together to dream. We get to build it. Don't build it. That's a >> love it. Today's episode was epic, guys. Uh we covered so many good things. Thank you for giving it all your all. Really really critically important here. >> We're we're officially made of clay at this point. >> It's taken everything. I've I'm supposed to go through six meetings and have major decisions today and I'm afraid >> you didn't get up at 3:30 like I did. No, I didn't. >> Anyway, I went to bed at 3:30 the other night because of the tennis match,
but that's a separate thing. >> Yeah, separate thing. >> You get time to play tennis? Wow. >> No, I was watching the epic US Open match late at night. >> Not going to slow down, guys. Not going to slow down. >> Get used to it. >> It's slow as it'll ever be. >> All right, everybody. Thank you for joining us on Moonshots. We hope you get as much out of this as we do. Um, we love sharing how we think and what the most important stories is with you. Hope to see you all at Moonshots Live uh in just two weeks. Be well. Take care everybody.