Lynn Alden joins us now, founder of Lynn Alden Investment Strategy. Welcome in, Lynn. >> Happy to be here. Thanks for having me. >> Yes, thanks for joining us. So, you're famous for the saying, nothing stops this train. For people who somehow aren't familiar with that yet, what is the train? Why can't it stop? And what do you make of the trajectory for its acceleration? >> Uh, so yeah, the train is fiscal deficits, particularly in the US. Uh, and it's originally a reference to Breaking Bad. uh basically the the inability or the unwillingness to stop in this you know reapplied here and basically it's a combination of a couple things one is uh high degrees of political polarization in the US it's very hard to get any sort of meaningful uh change through uh and then the other part is mostly demographics and just decades of accumulated decisions we've built these entitlement structures that kind
of assume that every generation is going to be bigger than the prior one and now of course we we have pretty topheavy demographics uh we have 40 years of declining industry rates that that were offsetting ever higher debt loads. Uh but now that we're over 100% of debt to GDP and interest rates, you know, they they they bounced off zero, they're not falling anymore means that interest expense is now really a substantial component of the deficit. Uh so so even kind of decisions to trim things here and there uh have trouble affecting the bigger picture. And so a lot of this is locked in and it's it's a macro variable for investors. It's a macro, you know, it matters for uh obviously politics. It matters for just day-to-day um living. Uh but from my perspective uh mainly what I do is is focusing on the investment implications >> and you know under fiscal dominance the government government spending
you know it can work against the Fed's efforts to control inflation. Uh what can actually bring prices under control if if Washington won't cut the spending? >> Uh not a ton. I mean that's so the the kind of the the definition of fiscal dominance compared to monetary dominance is that the central bank is kind of in the back seat here. Their tools are primarily based around uh accelerating or decelerating bank lending uh which works when uh you know unusually high rates of bank lending are a major driving force of inflation like like what we saw in the 70s for example that's why that particular cure fit that particular problem. uh but when the when the government's running 7% of GDP deficits and when they have so much accumulated debt that higher interest rates uh blow out the fiscal deficit more so than they slow down bank lending uh their tools just become less effective. It's not that they
have no impact, but the impact ends up being mixed compared to just a clean kind of anti-inflationary medicine that that it once was when debt levels were lower. Uh so um you know things like getting oil flowing you know can help help you know the get the cost of things down or at least you know going up more slowly. Um you know trimming parts of the deficit where possible can can sometimes address it. Uh but because it's so locked in uh it's really not going to stop anytime soon. And kind of part of it is that when a when a country gets this inenddebted, uh it's going to default one way or another and when they control the current they when they control the units for their own liability, um that default is primarily through purchasing power uh rather than nominally. And so kind of like some degree of of inflation in the basin ends up being um uh inevitable because they let debt get to this
stage where it's at now. And you know, you brought up the 70s and and and you know, uh, policy of the past kind of makes me think of of kind of maybe through the 90s with the IT boom, investment kind of comparing himself to that and the AI plays a huge part of that, kind of the core of that. And we we see figures like Elon Musk saying we're entering this age of abundance and and kind of the popular belief in in Silicon Valley seems to be that we're going to have this extreme price deflation. Um, but oftentimes I think that might be conflated with, you know, monetary uh or price deflation, sometimes uh conflated with monetary deflation. You're someone who's thought about this for a long time and could could you help us maybe kind of tease out those differences there and maybe where they might be being conflated and and where you think the limits of what this AI buildout might be able to actually
help us solve for. >> Yeah, absolutely. So, one is that the also the '9s in addition to the tech boom, they that was also the demographics boom. So, so peak demographics in the US meaning kind of like maximum labor force participation was in like 1999 or 2000 right right near the peak as well. So that was like a multiple multiple factors coming together to to create that environment. Um and so but focusing on AI as a topic basically inflation is a spectrum. Uh so you know one hand you have things that are pretty truly scarce you know fine art waterfront property bitcoin then you have things that are like a little bit less scarce but still quite scarce like gold you know you can make it you can make more of it slowly um you know highquality houses um uh energy to certain extent you know they're labor intensive they're they're physically uh constraining in various ways and then we move across
the spectrum you get to things like grains textiles manufactured goods semiconductors uh you know with with the you know multi-deade trend of Moors law obviously sometimes you have near-term semiconductor bottlenecks uh you know uh offshored goods uh and o over the past several decades obviously automation uh information technology offshoring has made us radically better at making a lot of those things it's easier to make a t-shirt or a plastic toy now than it was you know 30 years ago and so that's helped that that long end of kind of abundant things stay cheap even in the even in the face of money printing uh and so a lot of the the price gains were concentrated in the scarce side of the curve. What AI does is it basically targets another side. Instead of kind of suppressing uh you know blue collar wages and making uh manufactured goods more abundant, AI comes in and makes a lot of white
collar services just radically more abundant. you know, it costs way less to translate something or edit something uh or or or create, you know, a poster or something like think like there's multiple things that just are way cheaper and more abundant now because of AI and you know ongoing improvements there and Mo's law and everything will keep kind of uh bringing that down to some uh pretty low level. Uh and so you're you're you get a it is true that if that technology continues to take off as as many of us expect it will it'll be a deflationary force on those categories but it doesn't mean that it slows down money printing uh and it doesn't mean that it it it radically reduces the cost of things uh in the physical world uh or things that are just very scarce. And so that those are the assets you want to be long uh even as other parts do get suppressed. But also obviously the more abundance
there is the less we feel inflation. So inflation is still happening in the monetary sense and how much it impacts you know the average person will largely depend on abundance. If you have negative abundance, so you have war or you have bottlenecks or constraints or or technology stagnation, you feel that money printing more, uh whereas if you have some sort of offset, uh that then you generally feel that a little bit less even though it's still showing up in the in the scarce end of the the goods and services curve. >> So obviously high interest rates make America's debt more expensive to finance, but cutting the rates could add to inflation. So what would force the Fed to step in and support the government debt market and what does that mean for Bitcoin? >> Well, any sort of acute illquidity would would make the Fed step in. Uh so um right now the bond market despite yields going up has
not become truly disorderly. Um it's still a market that's able to be made. Obviously volatility is higher but liquidity is still fine. um if you have events that are similar to the the 2022 UK guilt crisis. So the the the the Bank of England had a cancel a speech uh about balance sheet reduction and instead do emergency temporary QE to to fix their bond market in in kind of one of the the greatest ironies. Uh and like that you know the Fed when when in March 2020 during the kind of the peak of the the COVID lockdown crash uh it got so bad the treasury markets went just illquid just the off ther run securities literally just kind of broke. Uh and that's where the Fed had to come in and to start buying you know with emergency meetings start buying hundreds of billions of dollars eventually trillions of bonds. Um and so you know around the margins I if it does get illquid at some point and
just starts to generally break the Fed has to basically step in. Um I mean they can they can try not to but then all their other mandates start breaking apart. So um there's softer ways they can do it. I mean they have standing facilities ready uh to provide liquidity. Um they can potentially ease bank regulations to let banks be able to buy more treasuries kind of increasing their leverage. Um or they can step in and buy them directly. Obviously that could that that's hard to do narrative-wise. Um you know when inflation's above target. Uh so that that's kind of one of one of the hallmarks of later state fiscal dominance is the Fed finding itself increasing its balance sheet despite above target inflation. And even right now, even as they're increasing rates, they actually still are mildly increasing their balance sheet. Uh they're not buying the long end. Uh but they're still doing this
very gradual QE uh as part of just their view of maintaining ample bank reserves and avoiding some of the liquidity problems that they faced uh late last year. >> So gold remains about a quarter below its record intraday high from January. What is your outlook for gold right now? Are you buying more or holding what you have? And why own gold in addition to holding Bitcoin? Uh, so I'm a holder here. I've been a long-term bull on both gold and Bitcoin. Um, uh, and you know, since they go up and down at different times, uh, just just part of a of kind of a balanced portfolio. Um, they kind of serve different purposes for for different types of tail risks. Um, you know, I I was a lot more bullish on gold was like 2,000 or less uh, compared to when it, you know, briefly touched, as you point out, the inday's high somewhere around 5,000 uh, corrected down to like 4,000 or so. Um, I generally think
4,000 is a very reasonable number for gold to be at. Uh, longer term, I'm still bullish on it. Uh, but I think it still has some consolidation to do after just how big of a run it did uh in recent years. Uh, and basically it's just it it it's a it's a scarce physical asset. Um, it has certain advantages over Bitcoin. It has many disadvantages over Bitcoin. It's obviously less mobile. It has less true scarcity. um and you know other other divisibility or auditing limitations to it. Um there are certain segments of the population that like it. There's a you know there's a physicality I think that especially in the world of AI um is interesting to people. So I I just view it as one of the leading monies out there, one of the leading kind of liquid you know bare asset store of value um alongside Bitcoin. >> And you know you mentioned that gold and Bitcoin uh often move separately. Even though
we're seeing the highest correlation between the two, they still are not on the same page, it seems. And many analysts would have expected Bitcoin to trade down similar to gold uh with these rising treasury yields. Um why do you think Bitcoin may be acting different in this kind of macro environment um than other kind of longduration scarce assets like gold? Uh and what do you think would need to happen to sort of drive a move back towards those previous all-time highs over 100K? >> Uh so good question. But I mean one is that uh Bitcoin is a smaller market than gold by about by about you know an order of magnitude and it's more volatile. So it has a a somewhat different holder profile. I mean you know gold's more held by sovereigns uh more held by by older investors uh or partially held in the form of jewelry. Uh whereas you know Bitcoin is on average could be held obviously there's a lot
of institutional holders there's some sovereign holders uh on average the ownership the retail ownership profile will skew a little bit younger than gold. uh is is considered a little bit more risk uh in in some in some capacity at least in a portfolio sense. Um uh and so this the pricing just kind of works differently. Sometimes they go up, sometimes they go down uh together. Uh and in general fiscal dominance um over the longer term should drive multiple types of highquality scarce assets up. That can include high quality equities. That can include Bitcoin, gold, anything that's kind of the leading in its category. uh as long as the category is still doing decently. Um as far as what gets Bitcoin over 100K, I mean that that's a trader question. I mean obviously it went it moved quite quickly from I mean bottoming somewhere around 58K to to what it is now far higher. Um it's a smaller move
than that to to hit 100. Um uh and I think it's a combination of liquidity. Uh I think it's a combination of just um you know the the the chart has come in first. They saw that you know Bitcoin's not going down anymore. So they they start to get in. Uh if it starts to build up some momentum, then momentum traders come in. Uh and and so you know, a lot already like a lot of the fast money's out. It's strongly held. Uh and eventually there there are things that can attract fast money back. Uh and but I think that the longer term backdrop is just that money supplies around the world are going to keep growing. Uh the bond markets around the world are going to keep growing. Nothing stops those trains. Uh and so there there there kind of like background pressure, this rising tide for the best quality assets, even though just like a rising tide, you have waves that come in and out. So you get you
get, you know, surges and corrections. Uh but you still want to own the highest quality scarce things and and you know, obviously Bitcoin is is among the best. >> So we hit on how AI impacts the macro picture earlier and and I know you've talked before about how a peak in AI stocks could boost Bitcoin. um what would cause money to rotate out of AI stocks and and back into Bitcoin rather than cash or a safer investment? >> Uh so partially it's it's a it's a uh view on a riskon situation. So obviously cash is protective uh whereas someone you know buying Bitcoin that they perceive as being kind of near the lows uh and expecting that it you know could give another multi-year run. Uh so it's it's often just a counteryclical approach. people saying, "Okay, I I you know, I made huge gains on AI." Um, you know, at a certain point, the companies become multi-trillion dollar companies, and it's hard
for them to keep multiplying uh and get the same kind of percentage returns that they could when they were smaller. Uh, and so when they see Bitcoin, you know, at sub2 trillion market cap, um, and and generally, you know, a lot not a ton of fast money in it. uh there's not traders just like you know leveraging leveraging to the gills on Bitcoin in a similar way that they were kind of ran stocks for example during the peak memory memory stocks uh and so uh it just it just becomes a different risk-on asset or a different kind of volatile you know tech adjacent asset uh that some investors will find interesting and and and just be interested in getting into in the counteryclyical sense to be in a less crowded trade. Now, you know, spending time in Egypt means you've experienced firsthand very different monetary systems from the US. Has living between the two countries changed the way you think
about um kind of this broader picture at all? I think it just gives me more more hands-on experience. I've been going to Egypt every year since 2019. I I live generally for months uh uh each year there. I mean, right like this currently official inflation there's 15%. And no one's talking about it because that's just that's normal. Like that's the background. Uh you're kind of like how in the US if inflation's 2 or 3% not a ton of people are talking about it. Uh that's like 15% 10 to 15% in Egypt. Um and so I mean it's you don't have to convince an Egyptian why a store of value is good. Uh you just have to maybe some discuss which which stores value. Um uh and it's because when when you're in a country that doesn't have a robust stock market like the US does for Egyptians it's it's generally gold and real estate uh or even ironically dollars. Um you know there's some Bitcoin interest not
not a ton on a per capita basis. Um uh but basically like emerging markets in general will generally provide a somewhat more extreme environment of broken money. uh and so I think that having some experience in in both developed and developing markets uh gives someone a kind of a broader perspective on the different ledgers that we have around the world. >> You believe in Bitcoin, so why would you ever sell it? Life happens. An emergency expense, a new home purchase, or a great business opportunity. With Salt, you can access the power of your Bitcoin without selling. Now with rates starting at 7 12%. The original Bitcoin back lender. No collateral losses, no rehypothecation since 2016. Get your exclusive offer at saltlanding.com/bmtv. >> Lyn, I wanted to get your thoughts on stable coins. Um, because obviously it makes dollars easier to access and move around the world, but does it actually
strengthen the dollar? Are stable coins just moving existing dollar demand onto new rails or is it creating new demand? >> Yeah, it's a good question. I I think it's creating some new demand, but that overall demand is relatively small compared to existing total demand. Uh and so the the effect of of strengthening or solidifying the dollar is kind of marginal. There there's a report by city u maybe a year ago or so that kind of uh looked out at stable coins through 2030 and had like a bull base and bare case. I think it's a it was a reasonable report and they they categorize different sources of demand. Uh and some of those as you point out are are are basically existing demand for dollars that is like re repurposed um or or some percentage repurposed and other times it is generally new demand for dollars. Basically if if stable coins can get to places that otherwise physical dollars or bank
accounts would have had trouble getting uh then that can that can represent new demand around the margins. Um or if it if it can you know solve crossber payment problems uh in a way that that you know weren't happening before. It can make various small businesses and things like that hold you know marginal stable coin balances that they might not have otherwise held in dollars or dollar assets. Um but you know we're talking about a very large monetary base and we're talking about you know hundreds of billions of potential demand uh in in the coming years of which some percentage is new. So these are these are macroscale numbers but they're not really gamechanging numbers uh compared to you know 2 trillion in annual deficits uh you know the the existing stock and rate of money supply growth that we currently have. >> Now Lynn we're almost out of time but I got to ask before you go your thoughts
on Japanese yen intervention of course and Scott Besson's comments um on being the house and his latest comments clarifying uh that what he means is that he has this edge. Do you believe Scott Bessence Scott Bessant does have an edge uh intervening in this market here? >> I mean I think he has an edge. The question is how big of an edge? Um basically so between the US and Japan iron actually especially Japan uh but if they're working together they've got a ton of firepower. Uh you know Japan has well over a trillion dollars worth of reserves. Uh they also as like a kind of a nuclear option have their um their giant pension system and they can choose to repatriate some of that to sell some foreign assets and to buy domestic assets. Basically Japan even though they have a very high public debt um they've got a a very positive net international investment position for their other assets. They
they've got a current account surplus of of basically dividends and interest flowing to them from around the world from all these investments. Uh and so they actually have a ton of firepower uh to protect the yen uh should they want to. So far they've been, you know, they when it when it starts to get disorderly weakening, they come in and they they do a jolt to kind of break those that are shorting it on leverage. Um they they, you know, they they kind of slow that down. And I mean, they can keep running that playbook over and over and over for years. It's it's most a choice of how large they do it. And when both Japan and the US generally find that there's a certain line in the sand that they prefer to protect, uh they could choose to protect that pretty aggressively. Uh you know, not not forever. Uh but the amount of firepower they have to do it is pretty immense. So I wouldn't I wouldn't
be too aggressively trading against it. Um and instead, I mean, I I I'm long uh Japanese assets that are not the yen. Uh because I mean, Japanese corporations are are structurally short the yen uh in general. Um, uh, you know, and so I, you know, there's there's I'm pretty bullish on Japan, even though I'm not particularly a yen bull. I I think it's it's more of a consolidation now with a lot of firepower to kind of micromanage it. >> The one and only Lynalden, thanks for joining us. Thank you.