Ben (00:03.322) Hey, welcome to another episode of The Circuit. I am Ben Bajarin. Jay (00:08.45) Greetings programs. I'm Jay Goldberg. Ben (00:11.204) Well, we've got some very special guests. We are joined by Mark Wade, CEO of Ayar Labs, and Jesse Leiter, who is—you can give your title, I think Head of Finance, Ayar finance bro. But why don't you guys say hi real quick, and then we'll jump into it. Mark Wade (00:31.18) Yeah, yeah. Hey everyone. My name is Mark Wade. I'm the co-founder and CEO of Ayar Labs. Ben and Jay, thanks for having us on. Jesse Leiter (00:39.876) Yeah, thanks, Jay and Ben. My name is Jesse Leiter, VP of Capital Strategy and Investor Relations. The role has changed; it had a strategic finance element to it before, Ben, so you're not completely off on that. But yeah, we're really excited to be here. I think Jay and I have been speaking for a little bit less than a year
now, and he'd mentioned the podcast. Ben, I know you've been talking to Mark more recently, so yeah, excited to be here speaking to your audience and on your platform. Ben (01:07.13) Yeah, it's great to have you guys. This is a very hot topic. I know that since you guys are not a public company, there are always people asking us, "Hey, what are your thoughts on Ayar Labs? We're trying to get more information." So I think this will be super informative for our audience. My context is—because you guys haven't heard me say this, but Jay and I joke about this for a long time—The Circuit is slowly becoming more of a networking show. The irony of this is, back in the day, we all covered networking, but it was relative to telco and it was super boring. Like, "Great. You've got more switches, sure fiber's great. This is all interesting." When we started this podcast, it was largely compute, looking
at compute trends, and then the network became this whole thing, right? Interconnects and whatnot. So now we spend so much more time talking about it, but it's relevant because the interconnect is a wall. It's a problem to solve. It's one of those big hurdles to get over. In fact, GPUs and even memory are scaling faster than the interconnect wall is, right? So I think that's super interesting. At a high level, as we start, Mark, why don't you just give our audience, in case they aren't familiar with you guys, the high-level pitch for Ayar Labs. Mark Wade (02:29.719) Yeah, so let me try to start with a one or two-sentence framing, which is that large-scale AI data centers are limited in their revenue scaling by the performance of the interconnect in their compute systems. That's a claim that says, hey, if we want a path to continuing to scale AI data center revenues, to continue to grow the
supply of token throughput, to improve the tokens per second per dollar per watt on these tokenomics, while simultaneously improving the performance of these frontier leading-edge AI models, their architectures, and reasoning models, we have to improve the interconnect. So that's the high-level motivation, which is that we view solving this interconnect bottleneck as one of the core major hardware-level bottlenecks that needs to be solved to keep the AI roadmaps running. Now if we double-click into that a little bit, the bottlenecks are coming from these electrical interconnects that exist in the so-called scale-up fabric. The scale-up fabric connects a number of GPUs and AI accelerators together. You've got this issue in electrical interconnects where the faster you want to go—the more data you want to send between these GPUs and accelerators—the shorter distance you can go. We call that
the bandwidth-distance trade-off. The only way we know how to solve this from first principles, from the ground up, is to swap over to optical connectivity. That's where we say we've got to get a new generation of deeply integrated, CMOS-scale optical connectivity into the scale-up fabric, solve this bottleneck from the ground up where the real physics problem is happening, and then we enter the promised land beyond. So that's the quick snapshot of what Ayar Labs is trying to do. Jay (04:42.882) So I've covered optical for a long time, all through the telecom ups and downs and ups and more downs. If you asked me to do word association with the idea of optical networking, the one word that comes to mind first is "pain." This stuff is hard to do. It's tripped up many people over the years again and again. Why is optical so hard? Mark Wade (05:09.462) Yeah. I do think if you want to try to build
things in this area, you have to be a bit masochistic. You have to enjoy the process of pain and suffering and solving hard, complex problems. I'd say with optical devices and optical solutions, part of the challenge is that to really get a full end-to-end electronic and photonic solution to work, you're talking about the combination of multiple domains of technology and expertise. In previous paradigms in the industry, like in telecommunications, you had specialization in those different domains. You'd have entire companies that just provided a single laser. Or you had entire companies that provided the DSP engines or parts of the electrical circuits that connect to the optical devices. And then you had entire companies that just built the optical devices. I think part of the challenge is that each of these domains is difficult, and you've got to put them all together in a way that can actually
build a product and work end-to-end. There's material science involved, device design, and manufacturing back-end challenges. It's layers upon layers of deep, technical, difficult problems. Optics layers into anything that's difficult in CMOS and high-performance electronics, and then you layer optics on top of that with different supply chains and different material and device requirements. There are just a lot of difficult problems there. So you'll find, if you come to a company like ours or other photonics and optics companies, it's a very high density of PhDs, of people with physics, electrical engineering, and mechanical engineering backgrounds. So I think that's just the truth of it. Jay (07:30.818) So why now? What's changed that makes this buildable today when it wasn't, say, five years ago, or before you started? Mark Wade (07:39.469) Well, let me draw from a little bit of what I
just talked about. One thing we recognized early on—and I didn't touch on it in the intro—is that myself and my co-founders have been working on this for fifteen years, first starting mostly at MIT and Berkeley. We started Ayar Labs coming out of MIT in 2015 while we were still students. I also like to say all I've done in my adult life is try to get this technology to work. Ben (08:09.208) Mm-hmm. Mark Wade (08:09.602) Yeah, we're fully committed and all in on it. But let's talk about the "why now" and what had to happen to enable things. I want to go back to asking, how did it used to look? I just described these telecommunications products and solutions. You have to look at it by asking what problem they were solving in the marketplace, what was the value of that problem, and what was the right configuration of companies, supply chains, and value stacks to solve that problem. The reality
was the volumes in datacom—actually, the volumes in telecom were fairly small. So you had bespoke, relatively small, and niche supply chains that were able to deliver to them. Datacom was supposedly this huge market that was much bigger than the optics community was ever exposed to. Now that we're talking about going from what was traditional datacom all the way into optical connectivity coming out of GPUs, AI accelerators, optically connected memory, and scale-up switches, this is a 10 to 100x larger volume than the datacom market was serving. The "why now" is about saying we needed a market application whose high-value revenue was actually gated by connectivity—chip-to-chip connectivity, rack-scale connectivity, and rack-to-rack connectivity. The reality is that before large-scale AI exploded onto the scene, there just wasn't a market application large enough with high enough value revenue
gated by connectivity. So now we have that. The awareness of that started a few years ago. For a lot of people, ChatGPT getting released was the wake-up call in our industry because everyone very quickly understood how the core computation of these applications scales. A lot of the work that we and others had been doing showed how connectivity was going to gate and be a critical limiter to building large-scale distributed computing systems. We've been working on that since 2010 and before, so we had all the core technological ideas from the ground up in place, and we'd made a lot of progress. But we needed the spark of a market application that made large-scale distributed computing highly valuable. That's what releasing ChatGPT did. Now we could talk more about it, saying, "Hey, ChatGPT came out a few years ago, so why hasn't Ayar Labs IPO'd and why isn't CPO everywhere?" I'm sure we'll
dig into that next. But I would say the tier-one volume ecosystem finally got fully interested leading up to the ChatGPT release and the year after. The reality is, the tier-one high-volume advanced semiconductor ecosystem can't pivot on a dime, right? Ben (11:46.736) And maybe before we get into some of the timing of these things, maybe just talk a little bit about the manufacturing challenges. We hear this a lot. I know you've got to be deep in the weeds, you've got to be in foundries to do this, but everybody keeps telling me it's just really hard. The wafer side is hard, all of it. So I'd love just brief color. Help us understand why the manufacturing side of this is also so difficult. Mark Wade (12:14.774) Yeah, and I think we are seeing people go through their own educational process, trying to understand what the complexities around building photonics really are, especially the way
we're trying to build them now for co-packaged optics and even other form factors. Let me try to come at it from a few different angles, because everyone is coming from their own understanding and you have to map it to a few things. One of the first things to realize is that we say we're building an optical engine. Our optical engine is a combination of a leading-edge advanced node electrical IC (EIC). Right now we build in the TSMC COUPE process, where the EIC is a three-nanometer IC with hundreds of millions of transistors. So you should think of this as photonics adding a new high-performing, leading-edge advanced capability to leading-edge CMOS nodes and leading-edge advanced packages. The first thing to realize is that people generally know that leading-edge CMOS is hard and advanced packaging is hard. People know about CoWoS, the supply chain shortages, and the challenges in getting
these large-package, multi-die AI accelerators manufactured and produced. You should just bootstrap into that understanding that a large multi-die package AI accelerator is a difficult thing to manufacture and build even without optics, okay? So now we're going to say I'm going to take this large leading-edge substrate, multi-reticle advanced package, and add an optical engine. The optical engine is a combination of leading-edge EICs and a new photonics wafer manufacturing process flow. The new thing I have to do there is also attach an optical connector to this package. Mark Wade (14:36.29) I think that's the easiest way to see it, at least for people coming from the understanding that multi-reticle, large package size compute accelerators are difficult to build. Now you're adding a new advanced capability into that package. Difficult on difficult makes it more difficult. So why is everyone
doing this? Why is everyone so motivated? It's because we've really hit the physical limits to escape the amount of bandwidth and the radix of connectivity out of these large packages. You've got multiple technologies within that package that are fully pushed up against their physical bounds. You need a new feature that can come in and open up a new degree of freedom of scaling. And that's just on the CMOS and large package size. There are things to talk about on the laser manufacturing side and the production test architecture. How do we get photonics bootstrapped into CMOS-scale, end-to-end wafer testing and assembly testing? That's really where the current crunch points and cycles of learning are being accumulated and focused right now. Ben (16:05.667) Yeah. Let's get back to that in a second. I want to talk a little bit about some of the timing and different solutions out there. I don't
think we necessarily need a breakdown of where each one fits, from LPO to CPO, though CPO is interesting. But I am curious, as figuring out the timing of this is really hard. We also understand that everybody building infrastructure is kind of taking their own approach to this. If they mix and match interconnects, it could be copper, PCIe, micro-LED, or optics—all these things may exist in different implementations to get over this wall. When you guys look at this landscape, how do you see the interconnect playing out? Do you think one solution wins in the end and becomes dominant, or do you think it might be a big mix and match of all these things as guys try to figure out their rack designs? Mark Wade (17:13.334) I'll tell you how I think about this. In the last couple of years, from our largest customers and even well-funded startup accelerator communities, the demand for a solution that
makes optical connectivity exiting the package look like something that can be high-volume scaled through a CMOS-like manufacturing flow is unquestioned. It allows customers to start thinking of optical I/O within the context of their foundry OSAT model of the world. Once we get to that world, it simplifies a lot of the product design, form factors, and configurations and choices you have to make. So I do think there's a trajectory as we get past this crunch in the next three, four, or five years. When we land in a world where optical connectivity is just viewed as an advanced feature coming from a foundry, that simplifies the world a lot for people. You can get out of this chaotic land of, "Is it a pluggable? Is it a board-integrated component? What's the form factor? What's the physical technology inside? What supply chain is delivering it?" There are a lot of permutations you have to manage
to simply overcome the fact that you can't get this from your CMOS foundry. So I think the longer-term view—let's say 2030 and beyond—starts to simplify and get easier. But in the short term, when the reality is that these things are not fully available in high-volume production today, it forces everyone to scramble to find their 2027 or 2028 stopgap solution. Mark Wade (19:32.995) That triggers a full exploration of the solution space, which is a combination of which technologies are close enough to solve my problem, and what supply chains are supporting and delivering them. You can have the greatest technology in the world, but if you can't ramp true volume production, it's not a solution for customers trying to build high-volume rack-scale architectures and deploy them on time. Everyone's optimizing for their time to the first token that generates revenue. Ben (19:45.711) Mm. Mark Wade
(20:01.896) So yeah, I think in the short term we're going to live through a chaotic, turbulent set of technologies and form factors. But in the longer term, we're going to land this new generation of silicon photonics into a TSMC-like foundry plus OSAT flow. Companies like ours are focusing our efforts on building the highest-performance chips in that environment. We think once we prove that it can be delivered at high-volume scale, it simplifies a lot of the customer problem. Jay (21:00.824) Let me step aside for a second. What's the nerdiest detail of your technology that you just get excited about? That may be obscure or super esoteric to other people? Mark Wade (21:17.208) Well, my academic training was in physics and electrical engineering, and I spent my graduate years working on the silicon photonics device technologies that are now underneath everything happening in co-packaged optics
and even things like NPO. I can still get really excited about the core device technology, and I designed a lot of those core devices in my previous years. But what I've learned about myself—and a lot of people coming from physics think like this—is that I tend to get most excited about trying to understand things from the ground up. Whenever I run into something I can't quite fully wrap my head around yet, I spend most of my energy and excitement in those areas. What that looks like for me today is I'm having so much fun with all these coding agent models that are out now—Claude Code, GPT-4, etc. I'm spending time building a full end-to-end digital twin manufacturing model of what this new world of co-packaged optics, laser supply chain, TSMC packaging, and all the test insertions looks like. How do you build the right model at the core of that? How do you implement it as a directed acyclic
graph so I can do lazy runtime evaluation to keep track of all the details that need tracking? I'm actually getting very excited about it. The manufacturing is very complex, but if you have visibility and see how it's all coming together, there's a phenomenal opportunity to optimize details that we think will be critical to getting a volume production solution. What do I mean by details? Depending on my business model and exactly how the materials are yielding coming out of the core manufacturing steps, what's my optimal test policy across five test insertions? Which one makes sense for me versus my customer? There's a very rich set of interesting questions that have non-obvious optimal solutions. Strangely enough, that's what I'm spending my nights and weekends on right now—burning a lot of coding agent tokens to build a digital twin model of all these things. Ben (24:25.839) Nice. All right,
so you guys have made a very specific bet on a very specific solution. What are the technical bets you guys are making as a company? Jay (24:26.497) Nice. Mark Wade (24:54.978) I'd actually say our bet is broad and obvious, which is that you're going to have optical connectivity coming out of large-scale leading-edge advanced packages. To do that, optical chips have to come out of CMOS-like leading-edge foundries and supply chains. That's really the core bet we've made as a company, and the founding bet as well. There's going to be a future where optics moves inside the compute package and into the computing fabric. We used to call it the memory semantic fabric. We built the first-ever processor-to-DRAM optical interface and published that in Nature back in 2015. So the foundational bet was optics is going to go into computing fabrics. If you want to deliver something at that scale, compute
products in that space are built in leading-edge CMOS-like supply chains. To us, that means a leading-edge foundry like TSMC. That leads us into why we fully focused on TSMC COUPE, and not just the foundry, but foundry plus OSAT. How do you build this full advanced package where a lot of these pieces come together? To me, that's an obvious bet. Everything you dive into in the technology weeds starts from that insight. We could get into micro-ring resonators, mux/demux filters, dense wavelength division multiplexing on the laser side, and why we chose external light sources. But those details came from a higher-level bet. Mark Wade (27:15.938) And the higher-level bet was we have to make photonics look like CMOS leading-edge scale manufacturing. Ben (27:22.125) That's a good point. I hear whispers from folks concerned that TSMC is immature in this space. You'll hear about Tower and GlobalFoundries,
making it sound like others are further along. You're making a big bet on this, working with TSMC in-house and everything under one roof with your customers. Give us some color on your confidence level that TSMC is the right bet and that they're on a path moving forward. Mark Wade (28:06.316) Let me start with a couple of general statements, and then I'll get specific on TSMC COUPE. We've got lots of wafers flowing out of the fab right now, so I think we're in a good position to make comments. It depends on your mental model of how hard things make progress. Hard things make progress by always going through a phase of difficulty. If you ask, "Are you guys having challenges getting things working?" Yes. I tell our company we have to assume we're going to go from very difficult to figuring it all out, to fully in production. That's true not just for the CMOS foundry side, but for almost every
single thing. Jay (28:41.536) Yeah. Mark Wade (29:03.898) I know where some of this commentary comes from because a lot of people in the finance world are trying to track things on a weekly or monthly basis, but in technology, we make progress quarterly or yearly. So there's a mismatch in the language we use to describe these things. Let me go to TSMC COUPE. First, Ayar Labs is a fabless company, so we hope that in ten or twenty years, we have a rich set of foundry solutions to develop products in. A lot of times, people make these comments comparing one foundry's photonics chip to another's. But a photonics chip is nowhere near the final product form factor. The final product looks like a full advanced leading-edge package. Jay (30:14.338) Mm. Mark Wade (30:25.016) My optical engine needs a very high-performing advanced CMOS EIC. It needs to be 3D integrated and advanced packaged with a
photonics chip to become a TSMC COUPE wafer. It then needs to go through a scalable post-foundry OSAT ecosystem and integrate into the most advanced packages in the world. Only after that can you say you have a real path to a differentiated product in a market that can consume it at volume scale. That is where we've chosen to make our bet. Can you use a photonics chip from another foundry to build a pluggable transceiver or NPO modules? Yes, I think plenty of photonics foundries will successfully supply into those form factors. But to say the opportunity is in scale-up and attaching into a compute fabric, GPU, AI accelerator, or optically connected memory—we're members of the NVIDIA ecosystem, so attaching to NVLink and NVSwitch takes a different set of requirements. We define our success metric by how you build a product, how you build a supply chain, and what ecosystem will successfully
deliver. TSMC has been a phenomenal partner. We've been working in TSMC COUPE for approaching four years now. We know how to build electronic and photonic solutions, and TSMC is the number one foundry in the world. They know how to build high-volume, high-quality, wafer-scale technologies. From a wafer foundry process perspective, silicon photonics just isn't that hard to do. Mark Wade (32:51.51) You need high-quality silicon waveguides, materials like silicon nitride, and a good photodetector material; we and almost everyone else use germanium for detectors. You need a good way to get fibers connected to get the light onto and off the chip, which ends up being the most challenging part. But the rest of what you need looks like advanced node CMOS and advanced packaging. We just view photonics as a critical piece of what we're building—it's necessary for phenomenal performance, but nowhere
near sufficient for the full solution. Jay (33:48.365) What are the biggest hurdles to adoption that you're hearing from customers? I know there are technical challenges, but looking at the customer side, what is preventing them from adopting this? Mark Wade (34:07.852) I tend to break the customer sets into a few different classes, which also explains our strategic investor relationships. We were very intentional in building our strategic investors and development partners because it reflects how we needed to work with the industry. You have to work very closely with the high-volume supply chain that's going to scale this. We have multiple rounds of equity investment from TSMC and other go-to-market partners. We did the thought experiment all the way out to rack-scale infrastructure. We recently announced that Wiwynn is one of our strategic investors. We also worked closely with those who
would experience the highest value proposition of co-packaged optics—the ones building GPUs and AI accelerators. On our cap table, we've got multiple rounds of investment from NVIDIA, AMD, and Intel. That anchors the collection of leading-edge GPU customers and foundry supply chain partners. Mark Wade (36:34.476) The leading guys burn down the new technology risk. They need to successfully deploy it. Beyond that, everyone building their SOCs through ASIC service partnerships needs to view it as something with nearly zero risk. That's why we built very close strategic relationships with MediaTek, Alchip, and GUC. It builds the go-to-market partnerships so hyperscaler accelerator products and even startups can get access to leveraging the Ayar Labs optical engine through an ASIC service integration partner. I think we're going to see a lot of exciting things from the leading-edge GPU guys in
2028 and 2029. Then in 2029 through 2031, you'll see it proliferate to the rest of the accelerator community. By the time they bring it in, it needs to be essentially zero risk, treated just like how they integrate HBM. Ben (38:05.845) That's a good point. Jesse, I want to throw this question to you. Mark mentioned your strategic investors. You've taken multiple rounds. We were talking about being strategic with your cap table, which obviously matters. Can you talk a little bit about that, and any thoughts on an IPO? Jay (38:31.287) Yeah. Jesse Leiter (38:38.706) Sure, Ben. For an early-stage deep tech startup, Silicon Valley VCs haven't been active in this space for many years. Early on, you try to convert deep tech funds who get the business model and are willing to take that risk on a pre-revenue asset. Simultaneously, as Mark mentioned, you build ecosystem development partners that are
strategic to commercial paths over time to figure out the volume scale production story. It takes many years of deep integration. We were shipping a two-terabit chiplet, a four-terabit chiplet, and eventually an eight-terabit chiplet to customers. Getting into their R&D labs and seeing an end-to-end solution that works allowed us to show proof points to institutional investors, who are really going to fund the path forward. Jesse Leiter (40:43.026) In our Series D, it was very unique in that we had strategic participation from NVIDIA, AMD, Intel, and TSMC, but we also brought in two high-quality institutional investors that led the round. We set a path with a valuation that we thought was very sensible. We didn't want to have to grow into a very high valuation because we had execution risk ahead of us, so we wanted to be mindful of building the right cap table. Fast forward 12 months, and
you have a CPO switch roadmap laid out by Jensen at GTC. Sell-side analysts started writing actively on CPO for the first time. When they start seeing this getting deployed into scale-out roadmaps, you get a lot of questions about the technology and scaling path. We were able to get in front of high-quality investors and convert an exciting Series E round earlier this year, led by a large long-only fund, Neuberger Berman. We also had participation from sovereign wealth funds like QIA in the Middle East and GIC in Singapore, and a number of crossover investors valuable for the IPO path, like Sequoia, Insight Partners, and ARC. We're integrated into the backend channel alongside MediaTek and Alchip to deliver CPO at scale to multiple players. To your question on the path forward, we want to be strategic about who will be there for us at the IPO. We put out a press release last week on the Wiwynn
strategic investment, which topped our capital on the balance sheet to $650 million. There was also press from Reuters about a secondary transaction that allowed us to bring in more high-quality institutional investors for the path forward. Mark Wade (42:38.914) The only thing I'd add is, if you do the spreadsheet math on the market opportunity, unit volumes, and reasonable ASP targets, optics going into this scale-up opportunity is a tens-of-billions to approaching a hundred-billion-dollar market size. It's not hard to motivate the financial math. We view our job as getting the end-to-end supply chain delivering to that volume. The intercept timeline being around 2028 or 2029 creates a very exciting path for how we would think about an IPO. Jay (43:40.547) I've worked on a few dozen IPOs over the years, and I see this phenomenon a lot where technical founders encounter the street for the
first time, and the questions they ask aren't necessarily top of mind for you. What's a question you wish investors asked you, but never do? Mark Wade (44:10.86) It's interesting, Jay. I have to give credit to Jesse for helping with this. The Silicon Valley world abandoned this space for a long time, so the financial capital came from public and crossover investors. I've had to cut my teeth on building my skill set to see how they think, what they're really measuring, and how they view the business. Mark Wade (45:10.24) We had to find enough of those investors in Series D and Series E who were willing to dive deep into the technology. However, if we execute, my IPO roadshow should be much simpler. We'll be shifting from explaining lots of details on technology to speaking the language of financial metrics, with high visibility into our revenue ramp. Because the relationship is so close with
leading customers, you have high visibility and supply commitments into what the ramp looks like. If we do our job well at Ayar Labs, by the time we're on an IPO roadshow, we'll talk about technology enough to prove we have a robust, defensible core, and then we'll speak the language of how you value this in the public markets. But to answer your question, at a dinner Jesse took me to earlier this week with Jefferies, for the first time in the US, I was asked about test equipment vendors, probers, and test insertions. It's been interesting over the last six to nine months to see public investors really get into the weeds of the world I live in. It makes the dinners more fun and interesting for me, even though I don't get to eat any of the lobster in front of me. Jesse Leiter (47:38.504) I would also add that some of these investors have been very transparent. They are in it for the long game.
They want to hear what we're saying, what we're doing, what we are able to execute on, and see how that aligns with our timelines over time. It builds trust with the company and the management team so that they are at the IPO to support us. It's about building a relationship that is well aligned with that IPO timeframe. Ben (48:24.335) This is fascinating, guys. It's interesting times because the race is really to build compute domains where giant clusters function as one computer network together. We're so far away from that really happening, which boggles my mind because the models necessitate that. Everybody's making trade-offs right now because we don't have that yet, which shows how early we are in this process. As you mentioned, the space you guys play in is estimated between 30 and 50 billion dollars by 2030, which is going to scale quickly. We really appreciate the conversation and
your time coming on The Circuit. Mark Wade (49:48.448) Thanks. This was a great discussion. By the way, we didn't even talk about lasers, so that could be a future episode because that's the other big part of this story. Jay (49:53.367) Yeah. Ben (49:53.987) We will talk about lasers at a future time for sure. We'll do a whole segment on lasers with you. Jesse Leiter (50:02.439) Very good. Mark Wade (50:02.769) Okay, good. I'll look forward to it. Jesse Leiter (50:05.106) Thank you. Ben (50:06.189) Thanks for listening, everybody. We appreciate your time and we'll catch you next time on The Circuit. Jay (50:11.224) Thanks for listening, everybody.