I believe in abundance. So what I would say to those people is Bitcoin is a hedge against abundance. If we're heading to a world of abundance, I think 5% of your portfolio [music] always deserves to have some insurance policy just like your house or your car or anything. So if you want to keep your wealth, why not put 5% into the asset that young people believe is a real asset? >> You talk about 5%. How much of your personal portfolio in Bitcoin? I don't get into >> Jordy [music] Vissa leading AI macro nexus research at 22V. >> A former Weiss CIO and Morgan Stanley executive a macro strategist specializing in >> AI digital assets [music] and economic transformation. Should someone in his 20s or 30s put all their efforts to buy a house? >> I just believe mobility is an option you always want to have. And I [music] don't think it's ever been more important than it is today. I would rather have
people enjoy the ability to be young and travel when you have the chance rather than focus on implanting yourself in one place and buying a house. Do you consider selling Bitcoin one day? >> I have no interest whatsoever in selling those today. The total sum of all the assets on the planet Earth are about $750 trillion and crypto is $2.7 trillion. I believe the fiat assets go down and the crypto assets go higher. Just so people realize, Ford is still a company. It's been around for over a hundred years. If you own the stock, it's the exact [music] same price as it was 35 years ago. I'll even say Bitcoin is the only one I can guarantee will be higher in 10 years. How about that? >> What's your answer to someone who says that a Bitcoin at 60K or 80K or 100K or 120K is expensive in 2026? I missed it. >> Everyone has their own opinion and most people that I speak with. Hey everyone. One of our
absolute favorite things that when shift happens is to look at our data to improve what we're doing for you every single week. And one of the things that we notice every week when going through our data is how many of you regularly watch this podcast but still have not subscribed. And so if you want to help us get even better guests every week, take two seconds and click that subscribe button just below this video. Thank you for being with us today and for supporting us every week. And now let's get to today's show. >> Do you like it? What do you like? Tell me. >> Huh? >> Tell us everything. >> Everything looks good. >> You asked me questions. >> Everything looks good. [laughter] >> Are we happy? Did we have a good weekend? >> I had a great weekend. I always have a >> Yeah. Always. What do you do during the weekend to have a great weekend? To disconnect. >> Uh, breathe, walk through nature,
chill out, eat, cook. >> What's the What's the nature around here? Uh, I normally go up to either upstate New York. I'm going to Maine for a while. So, I'll be gone for four of the next five months in Maine. So, I spend a lot of time up there, a lot of time out in Utah skiing, and then a lot of time in Brooklyn. >> Skiing? >> Yeah. >> Wow. Just got skiing a long time ago. >> No. Recent? >> Uh, in my 40s. Yeah. >> What What made you want to start skiing in your 40s? Risk taker. late risk taker. >> Um, it was good for my kids, so I wanted them to have something I didn't have. And I I had had a taste of it, fell like a million times, but I'm a type A person. I went, "Oo, I like this. This could be good, and I want to do this when I'm a 100, so let me figure it out." So, I got my kids skiing when they could, and then I just took a lot of lessons with a very high-end group that taught me how to
ski as slow as possible, which is what I want to do. I want to be able to ski anything in the mountain as slow as possible. So, technical, and I've got a good engineering mind, and that's why I wanted to do it. And now I just love it. But I don't ski like crazy stuff. I just enjoy nature. Simple. >> How do you live until 100? >> How? >> Yeah, because if you want to ski until 100, you need to live until 100. >> Well, that's the easy part. The easy >> Well, you have to stop aging. So, you have to realize that aging is a disease and it's not something that has to happen. So, >> how deep are you down this rabbit hole? >> I do a weekly substack on it. So, [laughter] I'm fairly uh fairly deep. I have my aura ring. I have my eyewatch. I can talk about longevity for a whole podcast. So, >> who are you? >> Who am I? [sighs and gasps] I don't know. Just a person who wakes up every day happy and curious.
>> Tell me a bit more about the longevity stuff. [snorts] How did you get how did you get so fascinated by longevity? >> I see a problem. >> I spend time learning about how I could not have that problem happen. And it was my grandfather who died too early in life. >> And I don't mean when he actually died. He died probably about the lifespan of human being in his early 70s, but he died way before then as far as I was concerned. He was couldn't walk very well. He had a huge beer gut. There were all kinds of things. And I just decided at that point, what's the solution to that problem? I want to be able to ski when I'm 100. Even though at that time that's not what I was thinking. I was still fairly young. But I decided at that point, how do you make sure that you live a long time? And at that point, all my research was not on longevity. It was just on how can I be as healthy as I can. And then
the more that you do that, if you ever don't do that for a period of 3 months, you feel really bad. And you start to realize that the time when you're the happiest is usually when you're also the healthiest. >> What do you not do for 3 months to not be healthy? Is it not something that I would say either you're healthy or not? Like it's something that either you say, "Okay, I'm going to the gym. I'm eating clean. This is just like a a habit actually. I need this thing to feel better." How can you change that thing? Well, this is the beauty of um what I studied and how it came back to heart rate variability. So, I have this acronym Minds, which stands for meditation, immune system, nutrition, education, sleep. >> So, what can destroy all of those things over three months? An injury, >> um travel, if you're traveling to Asia, and I would travel extensively at at at that time of my life. If
you've got a new job and you're >> flying tomorrow evening to Singapore, [laughter] >> there you go. I try to fly as little as I can to Asia. Now, as you get older, you have to kind of counterbalance everything and not travel as much, not play basketball as much, not all of these things, not drink as much, not anything as much. So, I just realized in that 3-month period that a lot of those things, I wasn't breathing at the time. Meditation was not part of my life the way it is now, but my immune system, I was getting allergies. And the reason was I was too run down. I was tired. I was traveling too much over the poles back and forth Europe, Brazil, all these places and work and travel and even being in relationships with people that were probably not good. Uh you start realizing you just got to surround yourself with joy. What do you think of u taking I would not say supplements but now people
talk about peptides there's bodybuilders or other people or or sports people who would use some other type of substances to perform better. But there's also those who say if you do it longterm it's not good. If you have a bad episode to get back on track, sometimes it can be really useful to get a kick. Almost everything that you need from my studies >> comes from food. So, usually when you don't when you need to take a supplement, the number one cause is going to be your diet. So, the first thing that I kind of focus on because I don't take supplements. I don't even take Advil. It's Tylenol, anything, unless I have to, which I'm going to guess is maybe 10 pills a year. So, how do you get to that point? How do you not take allergy pills? How do you not take I just wrote a Substack on allergy, so that's why it's kind of front of mind. But, uh, what do I take supplements for? Well, the soil's
changed in the world, which means the nutrients in our vegetables and our animals have gone down no matter where you get it from. So, you're not getting as many nutrients as you used to. How do you get enough magnesium in your body? Because magnesium is really important. And as you get older, all of these things matter because protein synthesis drops down. So if you want to stay muscular, if you want to actually stay young, and muscle is the youth agent. Well, you can take supplements, you can take HGH, you can take steroids, you can take whatever, or you can do resistance training and have an inordinate amount of protein. But then if you don't have enough vegetables, you're not going to have the ability of turning that protein or into muscle because you have to synthesize it and that takes magnesium and potassium and calcium and all these things that come from vegetables. So it's a very
complex system the body and that's why aging is so easy for it to happen. And like I said, I go down deep rabbit holes to try and figure out how I can do it as naturally as possible. But I'm also a big believer in artificial intelligence which will allow us to live forever. So my goal has been stay as young as I can, which basically means just stay the same age as long as you can. >> So the earlier you fall down the rabbit hole, the better cuz the the younger you stay forever. >> A lot of uh a lot of things go against you as you get older. On most trading platforms, crypto lives in one app, stocks in another, and commodities such as gold and oil somewhere completely different. Variational puts per all of it. Crypto, equities, commodities, FX, and even preipo names in one single account with zero trading fees on every market at any size. Visit variational.io to see why variational has quickly
become one of the largest onchain trading platforms. Big thanks to my friends at Bitwise Asset Management for backing today's conversation. Bitwise is a global crypto asset manager with 11 billion in client assets and more than 70 crypto solutions. That includes ETFs, index funds, SMAs, custom option strategies, staking, vaults, and more. However you want to invest in crypto, the experts at Bitwise have you covered. What's the first step that someone needs to take if they fall down the rabbit hole, the longevity rabbit hole? >> First thing they should do. >> I I really think that people have to spend a lot of time on nutrition and understand it. I think nutrition uh is the key thing for every living creature. what it uses to convert energy into what we are. Whether it's a plant that obviously needs water, needs sun. I mean, I always found it fascinating as I went down the longevity rabbit
hole that if you put a plant away from the sun and you come back later in the day, it's turned itself to face the sun because it needs that. So, nutrition to me is the number one thing for people and understanding the importance of balance, diversity. um it'll lead to the other parts. Your immune system is based on your microbiome. And to understand your microbiome, you need to have a variety of different foods. And you need to understand what uh it takes to get it, why fiber is so important in your diet. You need a certain amount of fiber. Why do you need the fiber? All of those things in nutrition will start to feed back through the body and your health. And you'll start to realize that a lot of the problems you have for longevity uh are directly related to the food that you're eating. And as time goes on, the medical community prescribes pills to to offset those deficiencies that you've
created yourself. And that's why I think it should start with nutrition. The problem with this is whether you talk about biohacking or longevity is everyone is different and if everyone is different, everyone has different needs because everyone has different problems. And this is expensive. >> Well, let let's go through. Everyone should um if they have insurance should be able to get blood work done at least once a year. And if you have a good doctor, you can get it done more times. The blood work is customized to you. Um, most people don't realize this, but doctors when you go to visit them, the most important information the doctor needs is how you feel. They ask you, they give you a hundred questions to fill out. Do you smoke? Do you drink? How often do you do that? They need all that information. You have all that information. So, if you lie on the thing, then they have no way of actually
knowing what's going on. The blood work is a way to give you a sense as to what your age is. um if you have insurance and can go get other tests, you can go get them. But you're right, it is expensive. And this is one of the reasons why the distribution of wealth problem has contributed to the unhealthy situation that the country is in. The rise of diabetes, the need for ozic. All of these things have come from a combination of nutrition, but also because we created fast food and we really drove people towards things. And then you have all the diet books that said only eat meat, only eat this, don't eat meat. All of these things contribute to a lack of diversity and they create imbalances for sure. What's your thoughts on um you talked about ompic there's these different peptide things obviously a big trend. We could probably talk about it for 10 or 15 or 20 hours. My first thought having
not tried any but having tried when I had really bad health issues I tried some pro hormones >> which is 17th of the potency of testosterone >> which at crazy effect I realized everything is biochemistry I sleep super deep these crazy vivid dreams I don't pro procrastinate anything I go smash work I go smash the gym 15 days it's crazy right 15 days in a row well it's amazing it's like this limitless uh movie, right? But there must be a downside to it. If you're taking a pill that now there's this retita true tide thing that people say, "Oh man, in 3 months these are my results." I hear some people saying, "I I fell out of love with my partner because of these different things like because they rewire the way your brain works." I mean, you say you try to do everything uh naturally. So, I guess you have some pretty strong thoughts on these things. I I do but um so I I I don't know how much
you know or people know about heart rate variability but um I believe it is the closest so I'm a I'm a data person. I like data but I especially like data that tells a very good story. So any kind of interesting data point that is uh kind of breaks the mold of what you're saying is very important to me. So heart rate variability is really a balance indicator. So you were describing feeling good and being energetic and all of these type A qualities >> that make you look on the outside like you're super healthy. But there's a reason why meditation, there's a reason why nature, there's a reason why breathing. Uh the word that always has to come up is balance. Um, I'm very big into uh little tiny simple things to say to people. And if everyone wants to know within 10 years whether they're going to die or not, a simple test is to see if you can stand on one leg for 10 seconds. And if you go through
why balance is so important, it your brain has to be good. Your ears like everything up here has to be good. Your core has to be good. Your legs, if you've got a beer gut, you're going down. If you don't have strength in your body as you get older, you go down. The number two killer in the world behind heart disease is falling. And it's not from dying from the fall. It's that once you fall and you're older, muscle atrophy goes much faster than when you're younger. Uh, and so all of these things line up. So I I really I for people um I always think of a leaf in the wind just kind of floating around and if the breeze was strong enough, the leaf wouldn't come down for a long period of time. And aging is the thing where you you have more control over your aging than you realize. And if you try to get a quick fix for anything, like you said, there are consequences and it starts to ruin the balance.
>> Absolutely. I mean, it makes sense. Obviously you mentioned uh heart rate variability as kind of this ultimate KPI. >> Yes. >> What is I mean I have that right and I see that but I actually don't really pay attention to it. >> So >> exactly right. I look more at how much do I sleep? Do I sleep well? All that stuff. >> Uh and and do I train enough and what's my age on oop right? >> Yep. what is heart rate variability and what's uh considered a healthy heart rate variability or more. If I'm not around those numbers, I should have a kind of a yellow red flag. >> So, I'm sure you know what V2 max is. >> Well, not really. >> Okay. But, you know, it's another metric that's important. >> Yeah. But it's in there, too. >> It's in there, too. But it is definitely more for people who are athletic. It's much more of a how how young is your heart, how young is the relationship between your lungs and
your heart and your ability to breathe. So great that that that one very easy to do. The great thing about heart rate variability is number one, you have control over. So, you mentioned the movie Limitless, but you didn't mention the documentary Limitless that was done with Peter Aia and Chris Hemsworth. >> And this was on longevity. Um, and they didn't specifically mention heart rate variability uh in any kind of manner. I think they said it once. And the only reason I know that is because I looked it up in AI to see because I was writing about this. And it's an important documentary for anyone who wants to start to realize some of the myths behind this. But also, it starts with a very simple thing. Chris Hemsworth has virtual reality goggles on and he's standing in a room like this. And as he puts them on, he thinks he's now on the ledge of a building a 100 stories up. All they have him
all hooked up to his body and the metrics that are happening. Everything's freaking out now. He knows he's standing in a room. So, this is not a type A thing. This is a It just shows how much your mind, even though you know what's going on, it's coming through your eyes and it's sending a signal to your body. This is not your brain. You have no control over this part. So, heart rate variability is the ability for you to go into fight or flight, but then quickly go back to something normal. This is important for firefighters. This is important for policemen. This is important for Navy Seals who have to stay underwater for a long period of time. How do you swim underwater for 3 minutes? How do you do that? Most people can't make it for 20 seconds before they start freaking out. So heart rate variability is the relationship I like to say between our biological brain, the one that is like a plant,
the one that is like a lion. It does not have this thing in our head. And then we have our computational brain. The one that separates us from animals that allows us to think about things. Some of the things that happen are not created here. Everything that we do physically to try and make ourselves healthy, we're thinking of. The part that we don't do is the part that our body is sending up. And to control that, to not overreact to things is something that is genetic. It is how you were brought up in the house. We don't remember anything from zero to four. That's a long period of time for us not to remember what happened to us. There's a lot of things that are brought into our body that we have to overcome. And that's why the Buddhist monks and all the meditation and all of the things and the cosminauts who were really the originators of heart rate variability and why they did it to make
sure people didn't panic in space. It's a very important metric to see how in line how aligned you are in your body with the ability of calming it down and identifying when you're in a state of fight or flight. >> [snorts] >> What does it look like a number? >> So your question about an age, the greatest thing about this metric is if you look at it and Aura Ring gives it to you. This is what it looks like with age. It's directly correlated. So you can keep your heart rate at the same level. It kind of varies. If you keep working out, it'll stay there. Heart rate variability declines as you get older. So the so the so the age I see on my whoop or on your ura biological age is basically directly linked to this heart rate variability or >> I don't know what they have in their algorithm they don't disclose what goes in but I guarantee you it is not solely heart rate variability what you can look
at is for everyone who uses this with their age what is the average it'll be and they give you a range so on aura ring mine when I basically made the decision that I wanted to as you say biohack But really what I wanted to do was commit down the rabbit hole raising my HRV. That's what my whole substack is about. And so at the time it was in the middle of the range for my age. And I decided, well, let me change some things in my life to make it go higher. How what do I have to do to make it go higher? So according to my blood work, according to everything that I did, my physical activity, my ability to do things with people in their 20s, I was physically healthy, but my HRV was only average, and I wanted it to be above average. I wanted to see if I could make it go higher. And that took a lot of different things. So this is somewhat similar to anyone who wants to kind play this, but what I
realized was for HRV, it is such a complex thing. If you want to lose weight, it's easy to figure out how to lose weight. you just starve yourself or you change your diet and you go exercise more to raise your HRV. Very few people that I've met cuz people reach out to me have been able to do it. So that's where I spent my time trying to figure out how to do it. How different do you feel when you have an average HRV for your age versus when you manage after a few months or a few years to increase that number? The biggest change for me uh is 100% not ruminating over things, not worrying about things for very long. >> Interesting. >> Um and that leads to more happiness. So a type A person when they leave that gym and they're feeling good, I don't care who it is. I've worked in the industry long enough to see everyone. They're stressed when they leave the gym. They might be full of energy, but
then they go to work. They're not getting paid enough. they should be running things. Uh they're not how are they going to get on that next trip? Everything is about money and about the way the world is. So there's no way that people that go in the gym to kill themselves and work hard are not caring about the things in life that cause stress or cause need and desire and everything else. So for me, it was really the ability to not ruminate about things. And it just it it's much easier when your HRV is high. What's another you mentioned do doctors multiple times and pills. The classic thing is doctors give you a pill to to fight a symptom but not the underlying cause. And that's when then you enter into a a rabbit hole of functional medicine or biohacking or or or or longevity. which means that there's a big issue out there in terms of health and how the entire system is built which we can
probably talk for another 30 hours. What's another industry where you fell down the rabbit hole? I mean you've been finance for 30 years, right? tell us more about the finance industry rabbit hole and the actual truth, the HRV that you found in the rabbit hole for finance that actually is not what people think. I I I guess I picked up on this quickly. Um I moved up the ladder on Wall Street very quickly. Um >> in general, meaning I I started at a firm uh and within five years I was asked to open an office for the firm overseas that was just opening in in Brazil and this was at Morgan Stanley. So it wasn't a small company, it was a big company. Um so just on itself that was not normal. But when you add in the fact that I gradu graduated from a college that they don't recruit at for jobs at a high level, I was hired as basically a uh a controller and someone who did accounting stuff in the
derivative area, but I um my father didn't graduate high school. So I really I was the first person to graduate college in my in my family. So, I was not someone that really knew anything about the industry, but I had a good math brain. So, here's where the rabbit hole was very quickly for me. I realized after about the first six months that even though I didn't go to the best schools in the world, I knew I was as smart as everyone. Now, when I say as smart, the things that go into trading, the things that go into derivatives, calculating math in your head, all of those things. I wasn't trained in school now, but my father trained me in handicapping a horse race. So, I realized very early that this myth that you have to go to the best schools to actually succeed at something was a myth. What I also realized there were two things that happened. One was the bigger the sociopath risktaker, the
more likely that you make the most money. So if 10 people are sociopaths, psychopaths, whatever you want, and f and they all take as much risk as possible, at least one of them will make lots of money, even if they're cheating, stealing, doing whatever. And then as time goes on, people associate smarts with the big wallet. M >> so that is a myth. That is a rabbit hole that I realized very quickly. And then I also realized that those are some of the most miserable people I've ever met in my lifetime. So number one, money doesn't mean the person's smart. And number two, money doesn't bring happiness in every case. Now you want to have money to enjoy good things in life. But I started to realize that very early. And because I didn't come from any money, I didn't understand this concept. So I will tell everyone the metric for determining a lot of the success that is money based in Wall Street
is based on zip code. It's based on where you were born. Um if you're born in the right zip code, you probably had a lot of advantages that other people didn't have. And I recognized this when I moved to Brazil and I saw people that never were able to leave the countryside and be poor their whole lives. And the main reason was because they grew up in a zip code that didn't have education. And so over time, as I've become more involved with artificial intelligence, as they become more involved with teaching people as part of my life, uh, I care more about kind of breaking this myth and this arbitrage. People are much smarter than they realize. They just need to use their brain, remain curious, and talk to someone who's smarter than they are. And that's the beauty of technology and artificial intelligence. >> When did you start understanding the concept of money? Because you said money doesn't
make you necessarily happy, but people need it. And people need to understand, everyone >> what money is, how to make some, how to grow it, how to keep what you made because it's hard to make. So because I grew up with very little money uh at the very early stages, I was just grateful to be getting the money I was getting. And it was not it was not large uh at the very beginning because when you start at the bottom of a firm and they keep telling you, well, we can only pay you twice as much in your case as what you were, which is great percentage-wise, but you know, if you double a penny every day, it becomes a big number after about 30 days, which is fine. Uh but I realized that even though I didn't need much money and my initial statement was if I ever make $100,000 in a year, I will be happy. Now, my father was a construction worker. So, this was where my mentality came from. He's not
making $100,000 in in a year. So, my mentality was that would be a level that I would be set for life. And what I realized is no matter how much money you make, you always think you need more. And the second thing is money becomes the competition. You I I didn't care about school because my father didn't graduate. So I wanted to find the level that I could keep my parents off my back. So they said, "How are you doing school?" As long as I was getting a B+, they were going to leave me alone. So I was like, "Okay, that's what I'll get." So, I did the least I could to get the grades that would keep them off my bat. I wasn't one of those kids that just would work hard and hard and hard. Now, what I cared about was sports. In sports, whether it's scoring a basket, scoring a goal, hitting a home run, doesn't really matter. You have some benchmark, some KPI, as you said. Now, when you get to work,
it's all money because you realize titles don't matter. I was a partner at Morgan Stanley I think when I turned 30 and I realized this doesn't actually change anything in my life getting a title. I don't care if I'm a president or a partner or whatever. What I care about is give me more money then pay me more money. And as time went on I realized that money didn't no matter how much you had it did not make you happy. And more importantly when you have children as they start looking around you realize wait I grew up without money. I worked hard. You guys have money. Are you going to work as hard? So, it creates issues that you don't think about later in life. [laughter] Quick shout outs to our legendary long-term windshift events partners without whom none of this would be possible. Thank you to Cast, my go-to global money app to store, earn, move, and spend stable coins across 170 plus countries
directly with Apple Pay or a physical card. On top of that, I can also get paid in USD and euro with my cast virtual account. Use my promo code shift SH if my link below to get 10% off your membership. Earn [snorts] up to 3% instant USD cash back on every card spend and get up to $250 in cash for referring your friends. No banks, no borders, just money that moves with you with stable cash rewards. So what's the point of making all this money if it's to at the end realize I if I mean happiness comes from probably like simple things obviously to have enough money but then even the people in my life probably don't want to attract a partner who is not too money um thirsty and then you have your kids but actually having more money creates more problems because they probably become more entitled. What's the freaking point of all of this? Yeah, but there [laughter] there there's no answer to life
in general. If someone said how do you be happy, there is no formula. So I think money along with you know the partners you choose in life um the jobs you choose uh these are all choices that people have and as time goes on and you get older you know the phrase that I use more than ever if you surround yourself with only things that bring you joy you will have a much better life now >> money will bring people joy being able to go experience a trip in Italy or in uh Japan. Those are phenomenal things like to see cultures that are different and not everyone has the money to do that. And until virtual reality is perfect and people can go visit these places and actually not go anywhere, which I believe will occur at some point. Uh money is the thing that allows people to do things unfortunately they can't. It allows you to be more secure in your health if something does go wrong and you have
the money to take care of it. So all of these things unfortunately the way the system is right now uh money is just something that's there and if people want it it's actually easier easier than they think to get in today's world especially with artificial intelligence. So I have tried to make it a point right now to help people both younger than me, older than me, uh in a variety of different ways, all using artificial intelligence because it really does allow you to get that arbitrage that I said at the beginning, which is just because you went to a good school doesn't mean you're smarter than another person. It just means you memorize things in school better than they did >> or you were taught by people that were smarter. But the reality is now with artificial intelligence, you can learn from the smartest person you would ever meet in your lifetimes times two, three, four, 10, 100 and just
growing every day. And I think that just normalizes the arbitrage that's been there. [snorts] >> AI is about to make everything abundant. Can you explain? >> Yeah, within the next 15 to 20 years, um, I think people are going to be blown away by how much things are at our fingertips. Uh it's really hard for me to have conversations with people about artificial intelligence these days because I need to know how much they use them. >> Um and for the most part people don't use them, at least nowhere near as much as they should. Partly because schools don't let kids use them. Workplaces select what you're allowed to use. They don't allow you to use everything. They don't want you to put your data into it. So, it's very hard to use it all the time, which is why I don't work for anyone and never will again because now that I have my own digital employees, I don't get complaints and I also don't
have to deal with bosses or anyone that I've ever had um to kind of tell me what I'm supposed to do or not do or regulators to tell me what I can't do. It's my business. I can do what I want. So, uh, I think when people start to realize that every year exponential change is happening quickly and that aging will no longer be something you have to worry about, um, that we will have cures for almost all diseases in 20 years. Uh, we will have cures for every problem. And the easiest way for me me to get people to accept it is to use something they're all familiar with. So the movie Oenheimer when it came out, if you really paid attention to it and you converted into artificial intelligence, we had a huge problem in the world and they wanted to solve it by coming up with the atomic bomb. So they took all of the smartest people and brought them into one location to figure out how to solve this
one problem. The IQ of Albert Einstein was estimated to be 160. The IQ right now of chat GPT 5.5 is above 140. By the end of this year, we'll have Einsteins everywhere. Which means we already have AI agents. You will have billions of Einsteins that can work on every problem. So, forget nuclear, forget atomic bombs. Solving fusion, fision, cancer, name whatever problem you've ever wanted to solve. We will have Manhattan projects going on 24 hours a day solving all of the world's problems. Which means abundance will be here because behind every cost of something, behind everything that goes on is energy and technology. And if energy is free >> and we've solved that problem, if we don't have to worry about where copper comes from because we've come up with advanced materials that we can 3D print, I can do this all day long. It will be work humanoids working. All of these things will happen.
So we will within 20 years be at a point where abundance is a real thing. >> If everything becomes abundant, does that mean that everything becomes more affordable? it should um and I'm sure there'll be some outliers like going to Mars and things that are kind of new and people may want to do uh but for daily living and for things that are the basic needs of transportation and food and health and everything else I see absolutely no reason why they all won't be free if we get pretty much everything at low cost or and free because AI makes everything abundant. Why do we still need to build wealth? This is a good question and um it's probably the reason that I've I've ended up in the the crypto mindset. Uh I I don't know how to answer it other than you have to go back to before capitalism, which is a world with communities. And so this is something I I don't I don't think people um understand.
This form of countries is like looking at a map that didn't exist 2,000 years ago. you kind of did and you had wars that were going on, but people were living in little communities and they were bartering skills. They were not going to the store and buying things 2,000 years ago. And it was when the plow basically started that it allowed people, oh, one thing can feed lots of people. So, the rest of you people can now go off to the city and become doctors and lawyers and all these different things and start going to school. And that is what started this whole job thing. It's what started the whole you go out you do this where in a community people were helping each other out and doing things. There's a reason why I go to Maine and I always say Maine is the state in the United States where capitalism is only peaked its head inside. It's still a very very laid-back place. Still has lost men.
Still has people that I can relate to. It's very calm. It's filled with nature. There's very few people there. And it's a beautiful country on the coast or beautiful state on the coast. There's just not many places that can compare for me uh to Maine, but I go there for that reason because it reminds me or makes me think about community much more. And I think that's going to be the case as time goes on. So the wealth part, if you don't need money, human beings are still greedy. They're still power hungry. They still want that. And I don't think that's going to leave because animals have that, too. They fight over women. They fight over men. They fight over everything. Animals are no different on that element. So, I would imagine that if wealth doesn't matter, we'll find some way to make sure it still survives and still show who the best is in some form. Uh, but I don't I don't know how to
answer it. How do you get so fascinated by the word of Bitcoin? My fascination with it um was from was looking at it through a window uh until 2020 until 2020. So before that I didn't care about it. Um I didn't care to partake. I I was definitely one of those people that understood that the blockchain was something real and that Bitcoin to some degree was the way to play the blockchain. Uh but I didn't understand it until 2020. And the reason I say 2020, two things happened in 2020. First was COVID happened and uh I saw what the government did which I was already an exponential innovation a believer in exponential innovation completely ending recessions. Uh and so when COVID happened I saw the money printing and I listened to human beings thinking that we'd have a recession or a depression. And I just remember having conversations with people that run major companies who I've known for a
long time saying the world was going to end. And I went, "How how can you believe that? Like we just print enough money and everything's fine." And he said, "This is you can't stop this." And I went, "No, you you can. If you give people money, trust me, you're you're you're misrepresenting the Great Depression. They didn't have money, so they couldn't get food. But if you just throw money out of a window to every single person and you let them order things on their phone to be delivered, the world will absolutely be back. And I couldn't convince them. So I said, "All right, let me ask it a different way. So far, we've printed $6 trillion. If we did a hundred trillion, would you change your mind?" And there was always dead silence on the phone. And that's when I realized at this point that oh my gosh, human beings that are even highly educated believe in this, they believe in this thing that
doesn't exist anymore, >> which is >> recessions >> and this thing of human emotions carrying things out. And so knowing that the distribution of wealth problem was so big and knowing that the reason we were printing all this money was for the people who could not live, that's what the Great Depression was about. But on the flip side, all of the wealthiest people that I were talking to didn't think there was enough money that could print that would protect them. So the wealthy were worried and the poor were getting their checks and yoloing it. So I realized there was something strange that was happening. And so Bitcoin became more interesting to me because it started to rally before all of the other inflation things rallied. And that's when I realized that whether it was demographics or whether it was the distribution of wealth, the masses were not worried about COVID the same way that a
wealthy person perched behind their walls with their guards was worried. Then the next year, my son turned $700 into $70,000 and then subsequently lost it all when the winter of crypto came. But in that time where I said to him, "Hey, you're 13. I've got a bunch of portfolio managers that work for me. I'm I want you to come in like you're a portfolio manager. I want me to explain your positions and how you've made this money. And we went on a ski trip. And he talked to me about it. And it was phenomenal. He knew every token. He knew why he was invested in them. Some of them are still around today. Um and it made me realize that there was something here that was interesting to him. And when I asked him how he learned all of this, it was through Reddit and through Twitter. And that's when the phrase pump and dump was brought to my occasion. That's when all of these things and I went, "So this
is a real thing. Like this is something my kid turned into real money. He knows about it. It's no different than the game that I play. It's ideas >> that are hopefully going to be monetized. that's no different than Apple or all these things that I'm involved in. So I listened to Michael Sailor about seven times over the course of the next week. And luckily, Michael was the only spokesperson really at that time that was getting attention. The reason I say luckily is because I said I was already a believer in exponential innovation. The reason that's critical to this journey and for anyone who's hearing this that has not yet entered the Bitcoin belief system, what Michael Sailor talked about, which very seldom gets amplified, is his business was destroyed by exponential innovation. His business was destroyed by Microsoft and then the government came in to print a bunch of money and his business
was now going to get destroyed again by the government. And the reason that was important is because they were moving rates to zero. He already had a dying business where it was bleeding every year, but he had tons of money on the balance sheet. So it's not that he didn't make a lot of money and now the government was in his mind stealing from him. And so he went back as a smart guy who graduated from MIT. He's not a dummy. And he went to go learn about the history of money. Now these are things that I was already familiar with. So when he spoke about those things, I already got that. He was talking to me about how the future is about all companies being disrupted. And that's what I saw. AI will destroy all businesses. Every single business will have a shorter lifespan than it used to have. All of them. Even the ones that are going parabolic right now. And so for me, that was my understanding
of the distribution of wealth problem is that the game will speed up. It will go much faster. The volatility of Bitcoin, which is no longer the same as what it was back then, will decline over time. And we will see it in my world. The world of Micron technology and the world of Nvidia and the world of all these places where now those volatilities are at the same level as Bitcoin's old volatility. >> But no one is complaining about those because they're making money off those and that they call it a bubble. So Bitcoin joined my life back in 2020 and 2021. What's your thesis on Bitcoin explained as simply as possible to a 40 or 50 or 60 year old person who doesn't really understand it? >> So the first thing I say to those people is do you really understand what the fractional reserve banking system is? And if you do, please explain it because you don't know what it is. >> Go back to It's a
Wonderful Life the movie. I don't know if you've seen it, Kevin. It's a Wonderful Life. There's a scene in it. It's the mo, you know, one of the most popular movies of all time and it's played every year at Christmas. But there's a scene in there where there's a run on a bank. This is taking place during the Great Depression. And at some point with all the people in there, they go, "Your money's not here. Your money's in their house." And they he describes the fractional reserve banking system. You give us your money and then we lever it up and lend it out to everyone else in the community. And as long as everyone doesn't try to get their money back at the same time, everything is fine. So for people who say they don't understand Bitcoin, the first thing I say is, do you actually understand the system you're playing in as it is right now? The second thing is there are only three modes in
my lifetime that I believe religion has lasted for thousands of years. Gold has lasted for thousands of years. Bitcoin has been chosen by hundreds of millions of people around the world since the white paper came out as a place of a store of value. The store of values that people invest in today, their house, bonds, private equity, private credit, stocks, I don't care what it is, they have a belief system in those and they believe there's a mathematical side to it. So, as long as the math is real, it's fine. So, what I what we talked about before, I believe in abundance. So what I would say to those people is Bitcoin is a hedge against abundance. >> If we're heading to a world of abundance, I think 5% of your portfolio of your wealth that you've accumulated over time always deserves to have some insurance policy just like your house or your car or anything. So, if you want to keep your wealth,
why not put 5% into the asset that young people believe is a real asset? And they're getting more money every day handed down from people who are taking OMIC and not surviving long enough to actually live their life that they want to live. So, let's take some of that money. So, Bitcoin is a hedge against abundance. >> You talk about 5%. How much of your personal portfolio in Bitcoin? >> I don't get into what it's the it's the largest percentage of my net worth at this point. Now again, anyone who invests in Bitcoin from [snorts] 2020 on, it's almost impossible not to because you're talking about something that's up over 10 times even with the level it is today. So for everyone listening, I've never sold any of it. So the way that you accumulate wealth like Warren Buffett is if you believe in something and it was a small percentage of your portfolio at the beginning and then it does so well,
it becomes the largest portion. So, >> do you consider selling Bitcoin one day? >> Maybe. I I I have no interest whatsoever in selling it as of today. I don't even think it's gotten anywhere near where it's going to get. And just so people know the valuation of it, the total sum of all the assets on the planet Earth are about $750 trillion and crypto is 2.7 trillion. M >> I believe in abundance the fiat assets go down and the crypto assets go higher. Bitcoin is the only beneficiary of the crypto assets that I know for a fact will be here 10 years from now. >> No offense to all the people out there who like all these other things, but I'm it's the only one I'm sure of >> will be here in 10 years. The there will be plenty that do better than Bitcoin over the next 10 years, but it's the only one I can say with certainty will still be here. And just so people realize, Ford is still a company.
It's been around for over a hundred years. If you own the stock, it's the exact same price as it was 35 years ago. So, I'll even say Bitcoin is the only one I can guarantee will be higher in 10 years. How about that? So, quick shout out to the legendary team at Jupiter, the DeFi super app. Anything you want to do on chain, from trading to earning yield, you can just use Jupiter. Personally, I'd recommend getting the Jupyter wallet on either your phone or your laptop. 10 times faster and 10 times cheaper than the competition. You're going to love it. Thank you to the awesome team at Athena for backing today's conversation. Athena is one of the fastest growing projects in DeFi with over $7 billion in stable coin supply and an average 11% APY on SUSD and importantly, zero DPEGs since launch, which is exactly what you want from a stable coin. Go check them out by following the link in the description
down below. How big do you think this Bitcoin thing gets? If we have infinite money printing and infinite abundance thanks to AI, I I think it's hard to say because the true value of Bitcoin in the sense of what it's replacing has to do with how much AI causes deflation. M >> so if everything is free then money is not important that Bitcoin doesn't need to be any higher than it is today. It it it's part of the thing that I don't think people understand is it's all about purchasing power of things. If everything is free then why does the value of Bitcoin matter just like the other things don't matter. So, I haven't thought about it other than as a hedge against the other wealth that's been there because what should happen up until abundance is Bitcoin should outperform every asset on the planet. Everything. Not a maybe a company for a year, but over the course of every five years, you should
look back and be like, what was the best performing asset? That was Bitcoin. And that's what's happened since its beginning. And that's the way I believe it is that it should just outperform everything over time. This is not about to stop happening. >> Not in my mind. >> What's your answer to someone who says that a bitcoin at 60k or 80k or 100k or 120k is expensive or is too expensive today in 2026. I missed it. >> Again, everyone has their own opinion and most people that I speak with since I'm in most of the people I speak with, it's funny. I I I spend one leg in the crypto world, one leg in the Tradfi world. Uh the video I do every week on YouTube is 80% 90% Trafi. I'm about to start a second one which will be 90% crypto. Um and the reason is because I believe at the end of this year that those people who don't believe there's any value to it are starting to change their mind. Uh and
that's because of tokenization. That's because of stable coins. uh circle kind of got them going last year. There's a communication that's happening in the equity market that ends up in Bitcoin, Bitcoin miners, the AI compute story. They're the worlds are they're merging. So for anyone who who thinks the value is wrong, I will just tell you that I look at it relative to the two worlds. There's the digital economy which owns our world right now with the internet and with social platforms and the mag seven. And then there's the money side, the digital money side, which is still very, very small relative to the other side. So, I think it's going to go up significantly from here. >> You mentioned 90% crypto in your future videos. You didn't say 90% Bitcoin. >> You mentioned crypto. >> There's a reason for that. >> Why? >> My view on um Bitcoin is not the way most people have been trained to think.
So, Bitcoin is the S&P 500. >> Mhm. >> It's amorphous. It is the thing that survives over time. The S&P 500 could have 500 new companies next year and people would still be invested in it. >> Bitcoin is the end result of all of these tokens coming and going and coming and going. The excess wealth that's created goes into Bitcoin and then we go fund another vehicle. So, Bitcoin to me is the thing that'll be here. So when I say 90% crypto, the audience cares about things other than Bitcoin. I myself care more about Bitcoin, but I'm a macro person. I also care more about the S&P than I do about individual stocks. >> Does that mean that you have or could one day invest in another crypto asset than Bitcoin? >> I own Ethereum right now. >> Um and again, I I believe Ethereum will outperform Bitcoin this year. And this is all in the network effects. I believe people are not fully understanding the
importance of tokenization. I don't think they've fully understood the importance of stable coins for Ethereum and tokenization for Ethereum. And that just leads me to believe that by the end of this year, because Ethereum is the easiest asset in my opinion with inside the crypto world to be converted into a stock that people are familiar with, a discounted cash flow yield, all of that stuff. I just think Ethereum is is is probably going to outperform Bitcoin. And maybe Salana outperforms Ethereum, maybe Sooie outperform. I I I don't know. I'm focused and Ethereum is the only other one I own at this point. What are some other scarce assets that you are invested in >> that are not Bitcoin related? >> Well, so currently there's a lot of scarce assets that I'm invested in. Um, >> DRAMM, so memory, uh, optical fiber, optical semiconductors, power semiconductors, those are all scarce, >> but let's
make it easier for people not on just on the stock side. Um, just this week I rotated out of most of my memory stocks and into silver. So I own silver, I own gold, um, I own copper, I own countries that mine those things. I own stocks that mine those things. So I'm a very big believer in scarce assets. So my videos are all focused on being long scarcity and short abundance. I don't believe in owning any software companies uh, that are SAS related. I think they will be disrupted by AI. I don't know any of the hyperscalers at this point. I'm fully focused on the companies that make assets that people can't get right now that are in shortage. They won't be in shortage forever, >> but they will be for the next few years. >> What about real estate? >> Should someone in his or her 20s or 30s, you have kids. >> Mhm. Should someone in his or 20s or 30s put all their efforts into working hard to buy
a house which our parents would be so proud of? Um I would be extremely happy if my kids would never um own a home. Um, I am definitely uh my my oldest daughter has called me the world's oldest millennial because of things like this. Um, I just believe mobility is an option you always want to have. >> And um, I don't think it's ever been more important than it is today. And I just mean that from the basis of you don't know what you're going to think about. You might visit a city and be like, "Oh my gosh, it's nice here." as you travel more, you want to have the options to do that. And work can be done really anywhere. And with artificial intelligence, I mean, I I spend my goal is to spend a third, a third, a third broken up between Maine, Utah, and Brooklyn, New York. I think everyone should have that kind of ability to do that. And you can because there's lots of people that I see living
in that have moved to Europe. They live in a different country like every six months. and they just move from Montenegro to to to France and then back over. It's I see this all the time on X. So, I I would rather have people enjoy the cha the the ability to be young and travel when you have the chance rather than focus on, you know, planting yourself in one place and buying a house. >> And it's not because you want to live in three different places in the year that you need to own a house or a flat in all these places, right? It's kind of back to what you said in the beginning regarding this kind of like status game or money, right? It feels today that the home is more of a status game than actually a smart investment. So, a phrase that I said to someone who asked me for wisdom on how to stay young, the first thing that came out of my mouth was do new. And the reason that's important, if
you go to the same restaurant every week, if you take the same commute in every week, if you if you have a routine oriented job, your brain is aging very very quickly. When you do something new, it actually makes your brain younger. >> So I believe if you live in a place for too long and you take the same thing in, and this is another thing I saw from my grandfather. I just saw him aging and he did the same thing every day. He had the same food in the morning, the same food at lunchtime, something different at dinner, but it was one of five things that happened during the week. And he'd sit down, have his cookies, he'd put his feet up, he'd watch all on like clockwork. That's not a good way to go through life. There has to be variability. Things thrive when you stress them more. And our body shows that with workouts. You seem like you work out, okay? If you do the same workout every day,
it'll start having less impact on your body. You have to vary things up. >> This still goes against building companies, for example, or building a physique or I mean, you need to do things with a certain routine to actually become better at those things. >> Well, when you say a routine, um, habits. Well, so I have a smoothie every day, >> but inside that smoothie, the ingredients change. I mean, I I have over a hundred plants in my smoothie, over 100. And a lot of its powders. Um, it's it's dehydrated stuff, but it's a way for me to get a ton of antioxidants and a ton of things to make sure that I meet my daily needs. Um, so I don't view that as as necessarily routine, but I vary up things. Workouts, too. I do three to four different types of workouts during the week. I never do the same, you know, routine. I use different people and I make sure I go to classes that are different. I do different
things on the bike. I I I vary things up. So, I think you're mistaken if you believe you have to do the same routine. I think where routines become important is to make sure that you don't forget things and that they're incorporated into getting them done. >> So I do breathe every day when I every day unless I have some a trip or something. But when I wake up in the morning, >> the first thing I do, first thing chop some garlic, go sit on the couch and I meditate for 15 to 20 minutes. Then I go take the garlic and I go have a tonic with a bunch of things in it for the first thing of the day. Those two things are routine for me every single day that I can do them. But part of that is because I believe it is critical for my health and I need to shove it in every day. But it's not something I would view as as a OCD routine oriented thing where I could be doing something new at 5:00 in the morning
instead. >> Thank you so much, Jordy, for doing this. We probably covered like 5% of the topics I thought we'd cover, but it was amazing. uh and means that we might have another one in the future. That was awesome. Thank you. >> It was great. And very seldom do podcast start with me on longevity. So felt good. >> Interesting. >> And you could have gone lots of places. I got a lot of things in my head to talk about. So, >> well, we'll do a part two and we'll talk about a bunch of other things. >> Great. Sounds good. >> Nice. Nice. Well, I go like if you start talk about longevity, which I think is super interesting, obviously we're going to have to talk about that. Well, you care about it clearly. So, >> yeah. I mean, I just care. Yeah. I'm curious. And uh >> Yeah. No, but longevity >> the HRV thing. I just have it, but I I never look at it. It's true. >> Yeah. And you should go look and see
what the uh how your age matches up with it and then realize that there are ways to raise it. And literally, I write a Substack every week and it's on one, this one was on seasonal allergies this week. And this is because a person who reads it sent me something saying, "Hey, have you ever looked at HRV and seasonal allergies?" I'm like, "Yes, allergies are not real. Like, allergies are not a thing." And the person said, "What do you mean?" And I went, "A peanut allergy is real." Meaning your body, you could die from it. >> Allergies to pollen are not real. They are your immune system overreacting to a toxin that enters your body, >> which [clears throat] means your immune system is screwed up. So if you want your immune system to be better, you should start realizing what allergies are. It's really just that your body's o your immune system is overreacting. That's why when COVID happened
and I remember I was talking to my mother and I'm like my you have to understand people are dying from their immune system overreacting. The virus is gone before they die. >> They don't have the virus when they die. The virus is gone. It's the symptoms that stay. So the allergy or the virus it means you have poor health or not health that is good enough to fight external thing. >> Yeah. And it's it's not so HRV measures balance. Your immune system everyone your bo a pollen comes in your nose and your body goes whoa what is that? Mine does too. I just don't sneeze and cough and have watery eyes and all that stuff because my body looks at it. It starts to fight it and it goes h that's fine. Let's go back. So I call it your immune system is drunk. It just doesn't know what to do. And the reason it doesn't know what to do is because you haven't given it all the nutrients to make it healthy. Your
body gets destroyed by toxins. And that's what I studied to go. So really it's the soil. Your gut, your immune system is the soil and it's most of it's in your gut. So that is the reason why like if you have allergies, you want to understand why you have them. And if you go to the doctor, they prick you and then they go, "Okay, you need to take this shot every year and they just mess with people." >> It's actually horrendous because they're trying to get you to survive on clarity and everything else. So, >> as you probably know by now, I host some of the biggest name in Bitcoin and crypto on my podcast, but a lot of the best stuff never makes it on air. The Shift newsletter is where I share that raw behindthe-scene alpha, the insights, stories, and lessons straight from my guests that you won't hear anywhere else. If you want the real inside take on Bitcoin and crypto, join my newsletter,
The Shift, in the description down below. [music]