SpaceX acquiring a low band frequency. What the he double hockey sticks DOES THAT EVEN MEAN? WHY DO WE FREAKING CARE? I'll tell you why we care. It's because the legacy mobile companies are shaking in their freaking boots, baby. And there are some of them that have actually partnered with SpaceX. The first thing you got to know, and this is not sponsored by like any of these companies that I'm about to mention, okay? Although I do have exposure to SpaceX stock in many different ways, both post IPO selloff exposure to SpaceX and and that's up from where we are now to be clear. Uh and and we've been pretty transparent on the channel about what our thoughts are on SpaceX, right? We IPOed. We had warnings about be careful buying this after IPO has a shot of memeing and then pulling back bigly. That's what it did. We thought it was going to go down 30% after IPO from like IPO price. It went down
about 32% I want to say. Obviously way more if you count from the top to the bottom. Since then, fundamentals have substantially improved for SpaceX. I personally think a floor for the company is around 132. If you could buy it around 132, I'm actually bullish on SpaceX. I want to be clear about that. These get the little comments from the people who don't pay attention all the time. But that's okay. Everybody's got to have a little weeny baby moment behind the freaking keyboard. Come say it to my face. Anyway, where were we? Oh, yes. T-Mobile. All right. So, a company like T-Mobile. I like T-Mobile, but I know they rip me off. And please don't sue me, bro. T-Mobile. This is a half compliment and half ripoff alert. Okay. Number one, T-Mobile basically gives their cheap cheap stuff that is basically just as fast to another provider under a different brand. I will explain in just a moment how
that works, but I don't want to confuse that. But I'm going to tell you what that brand is and actually might save you a lot of money. And this, I'm telling you, it sounds like an ad. And they they actually reached out about doing a sponsorship on the channel was and then I ignored them. Maybe I shouldn't have, but I'm not sponsored by them. But this is going to explain what's going on with this this banned low band stuff. So T-Mobile basically has this tendency of for their fancy bull crap magenta plans or whatever charging somewhere around $140 per month. You know, you might pay 80. It just depends on how much data you want. I pay about $140 per month. I have five different cellular services. Now don't be like me. I'm a YouTuber and so I can't get stuck somewhere without service. So I have on this phone I have two active at a time. Right now, I've got uh T-Mobile, AT&T, Verizon, Mint, and
then I have uh the Google line, which I actually also think is T-Mobile, but I'm not sure about that because there's no option to get Sprint anymore. But anyway, I have them all basically. I will be point blank about this. Verizon is or sorry, uh T-Mobile is the absolute best, like the least dead spots and the fastest service that I have ever seen anywhere. The problem is you're paying 140 bucks and most people don't need unlimited data. So T-Mobile knows this. T-Mobile knows that they're going to sell their premium product under the uh $140 label. But then what they do, this is sort of the public label. And then it's like, oh, you want the discount label? Okay, it'll be $60 for seniors or it'll be $80 or this that or whatever. Okay. Then they go around and sell the same thing supposedly with lower priorities. I don't believe that because I have uploaded videos through this other provider
and gotten just as good speeds as I do on T-Mobile because it's the same freaking tower in the same network. It's all the same. And you're going to see how SpaceX gets involved here in just a moment. Okay. through a back channel. They basically say, "Hey, let's get the schmucks that only want to pay $15 a month and only want five gigabytes of service." Okay, that doesn't sound like a lot. I think you could actually get more. It I don't know if the pricing on this is correct. It might be more, it might be less. There's an unlimited one in there somewhere, I think. But basically, the dirt cheap tier. Okay, so like the sub $25 tier. Okay, I have it. I use it right alongside T-Mobile. And you know what it's called? It's called Ryan Reynolds. my my homeboy Ryan Reynolds Mint Mobile. #not sponsorship. I don't even think I have an affero referral link. It doesn't matter. The point is it's the same
crap, but if they sold a $15 tier, everyone who was at 60 or 80 would go down to 15 and they'd be effed. T-Mobile would be screwed, baby. They don't want to be screwed. Some people want to be screwed. Some people want to get their business unscrewed and then they call Sydney Sweeney. And then there's Elon Musk who sees this as a corporate wedge deal. Y'all know me, okay? My little startup Reinvest. I'm a big fan of what we call wedge deals. That's basically when I could buy a house for, let's say, $750,000. I know that's a lot for a house. And I could put 100 grand into it. I know that's a lot. And then it's a hundred or it's a million50 property. So I'm up 200 grand. I'm up 20%. I can place a tenant in it, rent it out for the long term. I get tax benefits. Boom. Capitalism one-on-one. I take an empty house that was a trashy fixer upper. I provide a roof over somebody's head heads and they
get the flexibility of being able to rent and move whenever they want. Well, you know, obviously within their lease terms. So I like wedges in real estate. Elon sees this as a wedge. This is the brilliance of Elon. People don't understand this. He sees that on a massive scale, there's an opportunity to stick it to these schmucks. And guess who knows it? Guess who knows that Elon is coming for their guts? T-Mobile. So, guess who one of the first schmucks was to partner with T-Mobile? Well, SpaceX, I meant to say one of the first schmucks to partner with SpaceX was T-Mobile. What a surprise. Because they're all trying to do everything they can to stay at the frontier and suck the, you know, milk that's available to be sucked from these spreads on selling you the same crap under a different brand. That's it. It's no different than you buying Kirkland salted nuts and loading up your mouth with
salty, oily nuts and buying the Planters salty oily nuts. They're the same nuts, oily, salty nuts in your mouth. It's the same thing except one of them you paid $18 a pound for and one of them you paid $12.99 a pound for. That's it. It's the same thing here. It's a phone call. It's a text. It's data. it goes to a tower. They'd rather make some money taking it from mint than ra dropping their prices and giving everybody the benefit. This is called an oligopolistic monopoly. Okay, it's an oligopoly. Okay, a few small companies have so much control and then they partner with the little guys to make sure they maintain control. That's why T-Mobile, like the snake in the grass, is trying to partner with SpaceX. SpaceX is really smart though because Elon, okay, this guy, he's like he's like 10, 15 years in the future. Honestly, some of his ideas are like a hundred years into the future. His ideas
are not wrong. His timing is just warped. The guy lives in a time warped reality. And somehow that delusion actually creates badass products. So like, hats off to the delusion. Like damn, sometimes I wish I could have that delusion, you know? Instead, I think realistic things like I think you're going to sign up for Reinvest One and together we are going to replace the Bloomberg terminal. We are going to make a product that's so good that you pay lifetime access to this. We're going to get rid of lifetime access for it unless you lock it in. You lock it in, you're going to keep lifetime access. Let's be clear about that. But you get the alpha membership, the trade alerts, the reinvest stocks, the terminal which includes real estate via the homes AI, the reinvest research, all the nine courses, the course member livereams, the agentic for consumers blueprint, the re the business blueprint,
all of it in one product at reinvest one.com. If you have questions, you could email us or if you're a course member, I encourage you to email us. Uh because if you're a course member, we can true you up. We could upgrade you to this so you could also get the benefits. So, just email us at staff@reinvestone.com. But see, I have reasonable expectations like, you know, bankrupting Bloomberg because I hate their damn guts and I think they're the scum of the earth. So, I am one of those revenge is a dish served cold best served cold people. Anyway, so that's what we're building here. You're welcome to join us in my realistic quest. Now, back to delusions and grandeur. So SpaceX, this is really smart. SpaceX wants to acquire the low band spectrum for mobile phones. What the hell is low band? I hear about high bandwidth memory and that sounds sexy. I hear about like I don't know, high sounds better
than low, right? I don't want to be low. I'd rather be high than low, right? Come on, man. Nobody wants to be low. low band is to get through these damn windows. You see these right there? Three windows right there. Can't see them cuz, you know, someone decided to drywall right over them, but there are three windows right there. How are you going to get cellular service from low Earth orbit through these walls? You beam it down with lasers to cell towers. And from those cell towers, you go spectrum it out over a low band that could penetrate these walls and radiate your boy meet Kevin. You know how much radiation is probably going through my brain right now? Probably more radiation than you can find in Pickax Mountain. That's saying something. So anyway, low band is the type of frequency that can get through all the freaking fiberglass I shoved into this wall. talking about fiberglass. If
you want a discount on glass today, use my affiliate code for corning stock. I'm just kidding. I don't have an affiliate for Corning stock, but the puppy's down like 6.3% today. So, you know, they're having a little sale today. So is Bitcoin. Michael Sailor Mekevin.com/BTC. That doesn't exist. [laughter] You could try it and see what happens. You know what? Try it. Uh but anyway, so uh the deal is to enable SpaceX to use its Starlink satellite service to become a major mobile carrier in the US. They're trying to do the wedge deals. And honestly, I would love Elon to take over my phone service. And Apple's already partnering with them. See, Apple's smart. You know why Apple is partnering with Elon? I want you to think about that for a moment. Apple wants to sell. Like, I hate to say this, but if you're older or you're retired or whatever, how often are you updating your damn phone? I don't
know, once every four years, you don't want to reinstall the apps. You ain't got time for that cuz you're retired. And even though you got all the time in the world, you don't want to do it. You know who upgrades to the new damn device every year? It's those damn like upper 20 and under 45year-old dudes that are like, "No, bro. If if I could be 15% faster, bro, I could buy another meat Kevin course. That's exactly like me. Okay, I'mma buy the iPhone duel and then I'mma throw this iPhone 17 out the window and then maybe maybe this has been sitting on my desk for like two weeks because I bought the last Apple Watch Ultra because for some reason I actually got sold to buy Oh, there goes my heart rate again. 84. Anyway, for some reason I decided to get the new one and I still haven't traded in the old one. People like me can keep buying this crap. But you know what would be the best sales pitch
is getting some Starlink onto this heart rate. So, Apple has partnered with Starlink for direct from space to phone service, but then you got to sit out there like this and it's kind of Like, even in the mountains, it's like, "Oh, I need a direct view, but I'm stuck in a tree well and I'm under 2 ft of snow. I could really use some satellite service to call for help here. Oh, I can't cuz I'm buried in the snow and I can't see the satellites cuz I'm under all these pine trees. This sucks. Wish I brought a shovel. Oh, wait. I did bring a shovel. It's right here in my backpack. Anyway, all right. So, obviously, this is a brilliant move by uh by Elon Musk. And the whole premise is how can we get to consumers and take advantage of that wedge that currently exists between the oligopoly of Verizon T-Mobile and uh and AT&T. And honestly, I hate their guts. I just installed Tesla solar panels and
the battery wall. I wired them their money. Even though I was a little pissed about one little thing I should make a video on, but it's not worth being pissed about this little thing. I am just very picky. Okay. Okay. I'll I'll I shouldn't [snorts] be doing this. You're gonna get in trouble. Oh, I'll do it. Okay. I love the Power Wall. Okay. I have an NPhphase one at home with German QC cell solar panels on the roof. I've had them for like eight years. I'm a big fan. Then I just got the Tesla ones. I don't even know what the panels are. They're probably the cheapest crap out of China. Uh and uh and then the Tesla Power Wall. But the YAP experience is great. It's very polished. It's a great product. They were really good at installing. They're really good at service. Like, they did a fantastic job. I have no complaints for Tesla. Uh, with the exception of one little thing, and this is just
me being a little pansy douchebag. Okay, when you install panels on a house, I hate the lazy companies that do this, and I understand why they do it. They got to keep margins up, but I hate this. The electrical panel, let's say, is right here. Okay, I'm making it big so you could see it. I know the electrical panel isn't that big. Okay. And then they run the conduit from the battery and the disconnect to the solar panels. I want it to go through the roof. But no, no, they got to take the conduit and do this and then they're going to paint it. And I'm like, that looks Sorry, we can't flash your roof. Call a roofer. I'm too pissed for this today. So, I got like 50,700 emails to get back to. Jeez, come on, man. Like, the emails to the staff box staff at Reinvest One for the people upgrading to this. This is insane. Look at this. It is 154. I got a million and a half thousand things to do right
now and that's what I'm going to look forward to in just a moment is help. What is this? Okay, so the point is the low band acquisition is really smart by Elon and SpaceX. They are smart people. They are doing the right thing. This is the future. Uh, and it solves a lot of the bitching that people have about it's never going to work indoors. And then Elon goes, Elon, I could just see him sitting like on a throne with a beer and a gun. Or honestly, I see him with like a whiskey and a gun. Hold [music] my whiskey. And then he goes and buys the 800 megahertz spectrum, which gets you through the walls. And then it's like, suck on these nuts. All right, I I can't handle this anymore. Coupon expires tonight. Peace, >> man. Your poor Kevin just lost lots of money. Oh, but that's okay. [music] I am with you. With you. >> If you like that video, check this one out. I think you're going to love it.
>> Why not advertise these things that you told us here? I feel like nobody else knows about this. >> We'll we'll try a little advertising and see how it goes. Congratulations, man. You have done so much. People love you. People look up to you. >> Kevin Pra there, financial analyst and YouTuber. Meet Kevin. Always great to get your take.