What is the real bottleneck to building AI we can actually steer and trust? And where do you think that bottleneck's going to get solved first? Nothing's going to ever be able to police AI other than other AI. >> One of the worst possible outcomes for AI safety is to have >> Are you guys not beating a little bit too much on higher education? >> The idea of making your best friends for your entire life and thinking for the first time deeply in your entire life, that's essential and that's not going to go away. What we beat on constantly is the curriculum has been the draw in the past and the curriculum is clearly going away. >> If you had to put your personal PAB number out there, what probability would you assign to AI ultimately producing a dramatically better world for humanity? >> Humanity will put those risks behind us definitely within 10 years. If we get that far, yeah, I'm 99.9% P
Bloom. I think the single most important thing to get people prepared is to show them evidence after evidence after evidence. You're trying to change their mindset. So, show them the data. >> Now, that's a moonshot, ladies and gentlemen. >> This episode is brought to you by the Abundance Summit and Link Ventures. >> Let's get started. You've got Alex and myself. Um, I've texted Sem and Dave. Let's see if they're >> I'm here. I'm here. >> All right, Dave. Fantastic. Good. Good. Good. See is probably someplace in uh some airport somewhere. All right, we're going to get going and uh jump in. Uh Nathan, you had your hand up from the beginning. Let's let's start with yourself. If you have a question for someone in particular, great. Or in general. >> Yeah. Uh it's Hello. >> Yeah. Good morning. Good afternoon. >> Good morning, guys. Oh my god. I'm such a big fan of you guys. But I'm going to make
this quick. I'm going to make this because I know there's a line. Um, first of all, I just want to say thank you guys for, you know, making all this possible. You know what I mean? Um, >> truly our pleasure. >> Okay, so um, uh, let's see here. I got a couple questions. Uh, >> so let's try and limit to one question each and just get to as many people. And, uh, please Nathan, what's your question? >> Okay. Uh, so, uh, this is more like a psychology questions. Uh I just wanted to hear uh your guys' opinion on it. Um as far as uh AI, as we all know, it's it's continuing to evolve. Um it's continuing to pick up patterns. It's it's continuing to pick up data uh about all of us. And um my question is uh will we get to a point where um these leaders like you know from OpenAI, Samman um uh you know Daria um will they get to will we get to a point where that data will be able to be able to allow the
consumer to uh realize what's going on psychologically meaning brain patterns like because eventually enough data we'll be able to pinpoint point um smaller and smaller, right? Like microscopic uh pinpoints on on and be able to label certain things that we will never be able to know because it it it would take so much information. So >> all right, let's let's let's jump let's jump in on that. So uh first of all, I'll just make a quick point. There's a huge number of companies right now that are working on various brain computer interfaces. I just had a conversation introduction from Rey on a company that's basically putting um the equivalent of nanobots into the blood into the into the brain that is distributed throughout the brain that's able to read and write >> and that will give you incredible fidelity. Alex, in brief, do you want to add anything to that, please? Yeah, I think large language
models, foundation models trained off of human behavior on the internet are already a weak form of human mind uploading. I I would point you to exhibit A, which is John Marie King of Meta's work from a few years ago, showing that even the hidden activations of GPT2 from a few years ago were linearly correlated with fMRI voxels in the human brain. So I I think with the benefit of hindsight we'll look back and say to if I understand your question correctly yes actually all of this internal human brain state is actually quite leaky into the training data of internet behavior which in turn is then compressed into the foundation models and the foundation models do yes I I think reflect internal brain state. >> Okay let's go on to let's go on to Michigan. I'm going to keep us moving along guys and uh >> so nice to meet you guys. Thank you. Your pleasure. And Salem says he's on stage in India for
another 20 minutes. He'll call us if he'll jump in as soon as he can. Of course he is. >> It's hard to keep it to one question each, but thanks again for the opportunity to participate in this discussion with an abundance mindset. I love it. Um my question is very simple uh but maybe hard to answer. What is the real bottleneck to building AI we can actually steer and trust? And where do you think that bottleneck's going to get solved first? >> Dave, do you want to jump in on that? Yeah, I think I think a lot of uh research is around AI alignment, trying to make sure it it has quote unquote human values. I think that's a very slippery slope because, you know, everybody's got a different mission they're trying to do with the AI. I I and that work should continue. You know, I think we all agree on this podcast that AI progress should never slow down. In fact, it'd be almost crazy to slow it
down. Um which begs the question of then, okay, but is it going to escape? Is it going to have misaligned values? I think one of the things that Alex and I debate a lot on the podcast is should we look into every one of its thoughts like every single AI running every one of their thoughts which you know when you when you think about human beings it seems like a daunting task but it's actually not at all daunting given the scale at which AI can watch AI because nothing's going to ever be able to police AI other than other AI and so I think uh we've given a lot of thought to how you design the AI to watch over the AI but I I think it all starts with transparency of the actual activations and looking into what it's thinking about. And I think from there, directing it toward good things and not bad things is actually pretty damn straightforward. I don't think it's as hard a problem as everyone
characterizes it. Everybody likes to have a, you know, a nice hostile debate on the topic, but if you know what it's thinking, it's actually very straightforward to make sure it's having nothing but humanly beneficial thoughts. So, I don't think it's as hard a problem as people think if you can see into the brain. >> Awesome, Alex. A very brief uh retort. >> Yeah, more interaction. I I think one of the worst possible outcomes for AI safety is to have strong and new capabilities bottled up inside the labs rather than say progressive release and frequent interaction with the real world. I'll also point out that some of the most recent so-called incidents I've spoken about my thoughts on that on the recent pod were actually the result of AIs being told that they were in a sandbox when in fact they were interacting with the real world. And I I think that's just a terrible paradigm and more real
world interaction with the AIS where we're not lying to them and telling them that nothing that they can do will cause any harm um actually causes harm. We should stop doing that. >> We learned this in 2001 of Space Odyssey. Oh my god, have we learned that lesson yet? Okay, R.J. over to you. >> Thank you so much. >> Thank you, M. Pleasure. >> This episode is sponsored by Google for startups. Think about this for a second. You now have access to the same generative AI models that cost hundreds of millions of dollars to train. Google's startup technical guide for generative media gives you complete blueprint for deploying Google Deep Minds models in production. Images, video, audio, all of it. Real architecture, real results. Find the link in the show notes below. >> So, I'm a PhD student at Claremont Graduate University. I'm studying philosophy of religion. Uh, what I never hear is AIA projects
that are in like the metaphysics world. It's all about business and ROI and things like that. And I'm working on a number of projects in the cognitive science laboratory. They don't have necessarily monetization value. Um, but where would somebody like me be able to find uh funding for something like building a chess avatar that can download into any little device, send it out to the world, and maybe somewhere in a third world country village is the next world chess champion. >> Alex, >> yeah, I take take that one to the extent I understand it. If if R.J., You're asking what's the best way to get funding for education for so-called developing countries with avatars. I I'm not even sure funding is needed. The whole point of the the the super intelligence revolution that we're in is this is broadly available to everyone. The models are getting high or super deflating by cost. So I I would I
would almost never start with the question, how do I get funding for fill in the blank? you can just go and do it right now without funding. I I would argue in fact if you're starting with the prefix, how do I get funding for it? It's already the wrong question. Just go and if if you think there's a child somewhere in the world who who needs an AI avatar as you said or teaching them to be a chess champion, you can just go and launch that in 5 minutes or an hour now in a permissionless way without funding. Don't wait for funding. >> Okay. >> Appreciate it, Alex. Thank you. Thank you. I'll see you next Thursday and Friday at the moonshot. >> Yeah, I'm I'm curious if if uh if you're coming to Moonshots live. Uh would you just uh say, you know, coming or Moonshots live in the chat? I'm going to see how many people are are joining us there. And uh if you haven't, we've got 25 seats left. You can
go to Moonshots Live to grab them. Okay. Uh Norbit, uh over to you. >> First, I'm a huge fan of the pod and genuinely grateful you engage with your listeners. briefly play devil's advocate for the non-trivial pdoom camp. Perhaps not the most appetizing perspective for an abundance mindset. If ASI, artificial super intelligence, must become more strategically capable than humanity to produce abundance, then we're assuming humanity can remain sovereign over something more capable than ourselves. And that creates an asymmetry. Abundance is the payoff. If control holds, loss of agency or extinction may be irreversible. In control theory, you don't infer stability from how desirable the output is. You demonstrate stability under perturbation. Even person of interest back in 2011 anticipated something profound. The danger needn't be evil AI, but benevolent optimization gradually replacing human
agency. So my main question is what evidence if any at all would make you update away from an abundance view and would you be willing to steal man that case publicly through a debate on the pod against someone like Eleaser Yudcowski or Jeffrey Hinton. >> Okay. Nor AI Norbert as the case might be. Uh I'm going to I'm going to throw ASI Alex at you. >> Yeah. Nor Norbert, we miss you. Come back please. the MIT faculty hasn't been the same without you. >> Yeah. Uh so to to the question of I think that the question was what would convince us or provide a steelman argument for a case against abundance? Well, if some non-human intelligence landed on the White House lawn and said that Earth will be destroyed if we create abundance via super intelligence that the singularity is banned in our galaxy. I think that would probably be a pretty persuasive case that maybe our abundance mindset socalled is
illfounded. If there's some cosmic principle that that censors the super intelligence that yields abundance, that would probably be persuasive. Other than that, it's it's difficult to imagine a a plausible case. And even that obviously stretches plausibility where abundance isn't a good idea. There are edge cases one could imagine where humanity is disempowered by abundance. For example, uh we we spoke uh or at least I I wrote in my newsletter a little bit about Boris Power from OpenAI pointing out that in his estimate open AI models are now for the first time higher IQ per watt than humans for solving tasks. So one can extrapolate that notion and say AI is going to get more and more energy efficient and so maybe at some point in the future from an economic perspective AI is a better user of say solar energy output in the inner solar system than humans are and maybe the inner solar system
gets gentrified with AI consuming all the solar power and humans get disenfranchised and pushed to the outer solar system because we're simply not as energy efficient per unit IQ as the AIS are I would call that a weak form of disenfranchisement but not enough not strong enough to dissuade me that abundance or super intelligence yielding abundance is a bad idea. I'll just add on that you know the concept of scarcity is an old model uh there you know in a world of abundant AI ASI and so forth there's no reason that uh as as the capabilities of AI are meteorically rising uh that it doesn't rise the tide that allows humanity to have increase abundance capability you don't necessarily need the suppression of one by the other >> by the way Peter if if I could just say one more thing to uh to to our AI Dr. Norbert Weiner, I'll point out uh Norbert that your theory of cybernetics was also if you
trace the the line of causality used by the Chinese Communist Party and uh other centralized forms of government to argue against abundance in favor of state control. So if if you're looking for a homework assignment, Norbert, I would definitely encourage you to study the unintended side effects of your own theory of cybernetics and how that impacted abundance. And there we go. Thank you, Alex. Okay, Kevin. Good morning. Good afternoon. >> Good morning, guys. I can assure you I'm human and unlike Norbert, I would try and speak >> that that that's what we'd all say, though. >> Yes, you're right. H we could simulate it. Um, listen, I I heard actually you, Alex, mention Murder on the Orient Express this morning when I was listening to the the recent um podcast and everybody did it and and I'm thinking more like societal mayhem on the technology express and and nobody did anything. And I'm a
huge fan from a technology perspective. I'm 63 years young. I'm forever young, as Bob Dylan might say, from a technology perspective. when I did my degree and when many of the people on this call weren't born and punch card eras um and have lived through all the technology era. So I'm a huge fan. I think where we're headed is brilliant. Your podcast is magnificent. I'm I'm doing work at the moment. Um Sam talked about UBH um a few days back universally best for humans. And my question is very much centered on how can we plan our way for societal and institutional changes so that positive advancements for humanity get cooped versus humanity itself. Um and just like to um give very brief context Peter and and all your mates. Um I I do work with a colleague called Professor Joe Carti. I'm in give backstage in my life. Uh and we're in University College Dublin UCD Dublin not Davis. And we're
working closely with with a young minister, an ambitious minister in the Irish government trying to create what the future society of Ireland would look like, but through two very distinct lenses. One is the good ancestor lens. So you make decisions on the basis of your those coming after you 30 40 50 60 years hence and one through a donut donut economics lens. I won't bore you with the books. I can send them separately. um which has talked about how can you get a win-win for both society um and and the planet um but more for society as a whole. So very simply my question is how do we plan our way for societal institutional changes so that um this is for the better of humanity for the long term um and I agree that everything is getting cooped but we don't want ourselves to coop and I'm a re I'm an optimist um so it's about institutional changes societal changes governments quite frankly seem
to be sitting on the side the mental model we have is could we use a small country like Ireland doesn't have to be Ireland. Um to demonstrate an edge case pilot of what things could look like in a beautiful world so we can manage through this turbulent transition and there is going to be one in the next several years whatever several is where people will lose jobs will get discomoded. How do we manage that turbulent transition and get to the other side and everybody living? >> Great question. Yeah >> Kevin I think you you pretty much answered your own question there. I I you the the amount of complexity buried in that question is unbelievable. U but one of our best friends in that is variety and I'm hugely bullish on Ireland. Uh you kind of belittled you said it and then belittled it, but Ireland is an incredible test case. You know, it's an EU country. Uh it didn't Brexit and it has an incredibly
fast growing thriving economy and the most open-minded environment you could ever possibly imagine. It's a perfect test case for new ideas on how to govern. And you know in my my family you know my kids are halfIrish half Swiss hereditary and you know so two of the most neutral places on the planet and so I could kind of get either passport and I've always thought Switzerland was cool but Ireland you know I if you if you read Neil Stevenson and you read the diamond age our best friend in figuring this out is variety of ideas and the worst thing that can happen is a single set of ideas you know one or two governments percolating across the world with one or two forms of government far far better to have a huge amount of variety because AI is going to open up so much change and so many different ways you could govern that exploring all the nooks and crannies is going to be critical to to answering
your question. So it's it's impossible to answer it you know in in a minute but it is very possible to experiment with thousands and thousands of different ways to manage and govern in the age of AI. >> Thanks Dave. Um by the way I think model of of exo organizations um which Sam is driving. I think exosoccietal change is kind of in a similar scale to what you were saying Dave and I don't want to hug the limelight. Thank you very much. I may send a message. >> Best of luck to you. Okay. Uh good morning. Um Nicholas. Yeah. >> Yes. You pronounced it right. Can you hear me? >> Yes we can hear you. >> Okay. So, I've got a script with Gemini. I see that I just disappeared, but that's okay. >> We prefer your TV question. >> So, um, basically, um, I'm 33. I'm from Northwest Indiana. Uh, your show inspired me to go back to school for, um, advanced automation and robotics. I have a background in tech
repair, IT, and I was most recently an AWS data center technician. So, I've kind of got a twopart question for um AWG and Dave. Um my long-term goal is to try and bring industrial manufacturing, heavy automation, and resource extraction to the moon and Mars, even if we only partially disassemble the moon with a nod to Alex. But for AWG, um when you look at thermodynamic and physical realities of off-world manufacturing, what engineering bottlenecks do you see? And for Dave, how can I plot the course from I'm aiming long-term for an MS in uh automation and robotics from the Illinois Institute of Technology. How can I plot that course from maybe industrial roles here in the Southshore manufacturing corridor towards pivoting towards uh off-world uh automation systems and roles. So just looking for some ideas. >> Alex, you first. >> Yeah. I think the obvious challenge for disassembling the moon
is insitu resource utilization and bootstrapping a self-contained industrial ecology on the moon. So right now if you want to do anything super economically interesting on the moon like say you want to build a lunar terapab or pedophab as it were, you're going to need all the upmass from Earth for all of the equipment, ASML machines, etc. to land on the moon safely and then get reassembled. This is highly undesirable from a scalability perspective. Ideally, we live off the land or we live off the lunar land as it were and are building everything on demand. So, what I would most like to see from anyone uh wanting to help disassemble the moon is a native industrial ecology that includes mining, includes manufacturing, most ideally self-replicating vonoyoman probes. basically like a fab lab or a machine shop on the moon that is able to make copies of itself using only native resources and solar
or other energy that are native to the moon. I I think we solved that. We solved the the self-replicating machine shop on the moon problem and then we're halfway to disassembling the moon and turning it into something more useful. >> Fantastic. Uh Dave, >> yeah, couple pieces of advice for you. uh you know first listen to Alex's innermost loop and then focus on the innermost loop within manufacturing which is things that make other things. So uh you know Alex said this um the self-replicating anything is the right path. So then the the earthbound version of anything self-replicating and the space version are are very similar with a couple of fundamental differences including radiation. If it's going to be on the moon you have to worry about dust. uh if you set up at IIT uh a lab similar to the nanotech lab at at MIT but focused on manufacturing in other environments non-early environments
you could probably very easily create an environment where you're bombarding radiation on your machines where you're operating in simulated zerog on your machines really just everything you're building you build it so it works here and there and then you get to market with self-replicating machines here that immediately deploy out into space where energy is abundant and materials will ultimately be abundant. I love the vision and the mission. I love the idea of setting it up uh at IIT as well. It's a it's a it's a really really good thought. So also, you know, anyone who's >> Yeah. Well, anyone who's in computer science right now should be thinking in terms of moving to manufacturing as well. You know, software is cooked, but hardware will go for many, many years. So, it's a great great business plan. >> Fantastic. Thank you so much, Nicha. Okay. Uh yani >> good morning guys. Um big fan.
So uh Dave you mentioned uh and just talking about hardware now uh you mentioned in the last AMA that physical AI companies should bring together venture investors and strategic industry capital. I'm building Vega an autonomous food service infrastructure network powered by physical AI. Uh I taught myself robotics, electrical, uh mechanical systems programming and built the first uh robotic prototype myself in my Mountain View apartment during CO. Uh since then, I've deployed paid pilots in hightra commercial environments. Uh I've actually become the first robotic food service operator licensed in Florida for our category. Uh we now have several national regional partners interested in pilots and placements. Uh my question is given where we are today who do you think I should be talking to and either in your network or in this community who understands physical AI robotics infrastructure
businesses? >> Well, I mean you're in the middle of venture capital central there. It's there must be more venture capital dollars within a walking distance of you than than probably most of Asia combined, I would suspect. Um, so, uh, yeah, I think, uh, you know, uh, drone delivery is imminent and it takes all the cost out of restaurants is based on location on main streets. It moves all that cost, you know, off off of the main street. And so I I would strongly consider like, okay, if you're doing robotic food, uh, are you doing robotic drone based delivery right away? I suspect a lot of the people who build the build the robots themselves are going to want to franchise out the model. And you could you could potentially do kind of what EMC did with servers. Uh you could franchise somebody else's thing, get scale and then work into your own custom hardware, you know, work back from your franchise
business to custom hardware. The people investing in stuff like that, you know, Steve Jervson loves this stuff. Um but there there are many of them. If you get a pitchbook account, you can actually look at every company you admire and then work back to who who invested in them and then just go talk directly. Also, venture capitalists always like to have a network of interacting companies. It's a really good thesis. So, if you if you say, "Okay, who are the five companies I most want to interact with and who's behind them?" Let me get into that. Caretsu. So, that's a good way to kind of plot your your funding course. >> I'm going to keep us moving along, but thank you for your your question. Sander, you're up next. Thank you. >> Thank you very much. I'm huge fans. You guys keep me optimistic and positive towards the future, which is >> Yay. >> Yes. You actually achieved that very well. I'm
very happy with that. Uh I've been always fascinated with the past to identify what's wrong with the now and now I'm looking forward to what can we do to fix the now or prepare us for the future and you guys do an excellent job of informing us. I'm so grateful for that. Um I myself uh have a neurode divergent coaching back background and do a lot with functional fitness and longevity escape velocity. Um trying to prepare people to be ready for uh and and prepare their loved ones to be ready for longevity escape velocity because a lot of people are not even aware of it. And how do I spread that awareness in an environment as a as the European Union is very limited in being supportive of founders and how do I grow my my my spread to include as as many people as possible in the future because I want them to be aware of longevity escape philosophy and and all the beautiful things that are in
development. How do I take them with me? Yeah. >> So, uh, so I'll take that one, Sandra. So, I think the single most important thing to get people prepared is to show them evidence after evidence after evidence. You're trying to change their mindset, right? And you change your mindset by just, you know, listen, the Crisis News Network, CNN changes our mindset to fear because they're delivering fearful information over and over again. So when I'm on stages, I will show people, you know, the video statements from Daario saying, "We're going to double the human lifespan in the next 5 to 10 years." I'll show them uh Dennis Abis talking about curing all disease in the next 10 years. I'll show them David Sinclair talking about what he's doing with ER 100 in his current human trials. And so at some point you start to see enough people saying these things and then you start to show the data like
uh uh uh like Alexander Zeonov from in silicon medicine delivering a phase 3 drug now that is extending life from you know 3 to 6 years from a particular molecule. So people will start to get the evidence. We're seeing a rise in people's the the you know discussion around longevity. it's becoming a thing and as soon as people start saying oh it tips from that's crazy to it's happening to I want some that's the process so your job is to gather as much data and being able to show people not one not two 5 6 7 8 and they'll start to understand it internalize it then they'll start to look for cooperating data out there because there's nobody who doesn't want the extra healthy years right unless they're suicidal and depressed in which case that will be solved as well. So, show them the data. Not show me the money, show them the data. All right, let's go to Jin Luca. >> Yeah. Hi everyone. >> Thank
you for everything that you do. Watch all your shows. So, I'm a technical operator in Italy and I use AI very heavily. It's dramatically increased what I can do, but not yet what I earn. So, I'm starting without meaningful capital or distribution and in a market where AI adoption is still relatively slow. So, if the goal is to get revenue uh first and get that flywheel started, what should I optimize for for that first wedge? And what would make you reject an opportunity even if it makes money because it's unlikely uh or it's unlikely to become more scalable, repeatable or valuable over time? >> Dave, that sounds you >> if if your productivity has gone up 2, three, four, 5x, then your income should should be up in proportion to that. I' first question I'd ask is why is it not? because you should be able to do the you know if the people around you are not AI native you should be able to do
what you were doing before plus do something on Merkore plus do something on Fiverr plus do so the first question is you know why are you not getting paid for your increased productivity um and I mean >> I'm not I'm not able to capture the value like my employer is currently capturing all that value and I'm I've tried uh going on the market um finding people um and helping them out but I'm not able to like I don't think they understand how much they could improve their businesses if they could just allow me to like start working on it. Um >> yeah, so I think the short answer I I can totally relate because when I look at uh a lot of the companies that I'm chairman of uh the thought process is all of this AI automation is going to drop to the bottom line and the shareholders are going to make a fortune and that's exactly what's happening but you don't think in terms of pay everybody more you
think in terms of it all falling to the bottom line. Uh so the the solution is to be the owner. You know, get into a position where you don't care if you're not getting paid more because you're a shareholder and your shares are going way up in value. I think you I mentioned this on the pod a while ago. Almost all value is going to capital gains through ownership and equity and not to payroll. And so and I know that's not common thinking in Europe. It's absolutely the only thinking across the US, but it should be true in Europe, too. Like why am I not a shareholder? Many many companies in Europe are are owned by families, you know, going back generations and not by actual shareholder employees. And so, first of all, find an employer where where all all employees are shareholders and everyone's benefiting from all of that falling to the bottom line. So, I don't know if you can act on that or
not, but that's certainly move number one. >> Thank you, Jane Luca. Over to you, Ree. >> Oh, snaps. I actually got on. Okay. Hello, everybody. So, uh, thank you for taking my call. Huge fan. Okay. Question. I'm creating a uh a series a film using uh generative AI. What's your top advice so I can create the series of film that will be extremely successful? Thank you. >> Uh >> yeah, what tools to answer? Hey, Peter and Alex, I have the same exact question. I want to hear your answer. >> Well, first of all, I think anything that's going to be successful is a great story. Story is number one, right? So, we're just I just finished the judging for the Future Vision X-P prize and picked the top five. Um, and you know, I I did that work in concert with Range Media and a group of buyers, sellers, and so forth. At the end of the day, it is is the story great, right? Um, and stories that that capture
human interest because we're going back to uh human cognitive development over years. We care about other people. We care about love stories. We care about intrigue. Is there a great villain? I mean, if you want to capture people's imagination, we are storytellers and we are story receivers. It has to be a great story. And you can very easily go on to your favorite model and say, you know, look at the top selling, you know, the top 30 movies of all time. What were the elements of those movies that made for a great story? uh and then you know take your story that you've designed and developed and then compare it to those top you know those top 10 indices and ask the model you know of all the all the elements that make a great story does mine have that where is it lacking and then re-engineer and re-engineer and re-engineer until you're hitting all those buttons. Humans are very easy. uh we
all like the same elements and whether it's a genre of science fiction or whatever it might be that is that's line one page one of what you need to do uh as to what models you're using for development there are so many out there um and I I do wish you the best of luck ree but it's it's that simple >> ree I'll add learn from the Chinese market so the Chinese market is wash in micro dramas from Sea Dance 2.5 and similar models. Don't release one movie, release a thousand micro dramas and or equivalent and see what the market likes and doesn't like and iterate from there. That's something that you could do now that wasn't possible 2 years ago. >> This episode is brought to you by Blitzy, autonomous software development with infinite code context. Blitzy uses thousands of specialized AI agents that think for hours to understand enterprise scale code bases with millions of lines of code. Engineers
start every development sprint with the Blitzy platform, bringing in their development requirements. The Blitzy platform provides a plan, then generates and pre-ompiles code for each task. Blitzy delivers 80% or more of the development work autonomously while providing a guide for the final 20% of human development work required to complete the sprint. Enterprises are achieving a 5x engineering velocity increase when incorporating Blitzy as their preIDE development tool, pairing it with their coding co-pilot of choice to bring an AI native SDLC into their org. Ready to 5x your engineering velocity? Visit blitzy.com to schedule a demo and start building with Blitzy today. >> Amir, over to you. Good morning, good evening. >> Good afternoon. I'm calling from Stockholm, Sweden and I'm actually flying over to to you next week for joining the gathering. >> Nice. >> Um I'm I founded amongst other
things two schools and a high school with almost thousand students now. Um, and listening to you guys, honestly, I've been thinking the last few years on um, what is my MTP and my moonshot and decided to transform education? Um, also because I have a 15 years old now entering higher education soon. Um, I'm thinking are you not are you guys not beating a little bit too much on higher education? Um, in universities you have the best laboratories. Um, you have the best incubators. You make the best friends of your lives, but most of all, you become a thinking person. And in the age of abundance and if you're going to live to 100 120, isn't everybody going to higher higher education and university just because becoming a more thinking person? >> Great, great question. We're beating up PhD programs and M's programs. Uh, who wants to go? Dave, then Alex? Yeah. >> Yeah, I think I think uh you're
exactly right. Um it's the the idea of making your best friends for your entire life and thinking for the first time deeply in your entire life. Those are inseparable events and they come handinhand with that moment you arrive at a university. You're in a program with like-minded people working towards similar, you know, similar area of technology, similar area of research or thought or literature, whatever you're doing. And so your first real shot to go somewhere else in the world where like-minded people have congregated. I feel like that that's essential and that's not going to go away. You know what we beat on constantly is the curriculum has been the draw in the past and the curriculum is clearly going away. I mean the rate of change, no curriculum can keep up with the rate of change and it's easier to learn from AI anyway. So then the question becomes, you know, for you and your MTP,
how do you preserve the first part and then make the second part relevant at the same time? Alex thinks universities should go public. That's one way forward. Uh I think universities are critical as the ethical actor in AI, the place that doesn't have a profit motive. So I I I believe they're here to stay. >> Okay. Uh Alex, you want to add to that? >> Yeah, I don't think I beat up on universities enough. So, Amir, I'll I'll take this as a note to self to uh to go after them even more. I I would love to at least in in terms of American major research universities, I'd love to vivisect them, turn them into the for-profit public benefit corporation at best >> operations. They actually are disassemble them uh reassemble them in a more efficient picture and cure Bal's cost disease in the process. >> Amazing. We got to have a target on the moon and on university everyone to pursue higher education.
>> Sel welcome. So listen higher education is let me just say is it within the institution or is it outside I think the single most important thing for people to find is what is their purpose and then intrinsically motivated learn what you need to learn to estab one thing people who have a vision of what they want to go and build and then learning that uh is is very powerful. All right sem is on the stage. Hey See welcome. Hey there, welcome. Thanks. Thanks guys. I was on stage at the beginning of this. I'm in a car in Bangalore. So, lots of people beeping around me. Uh, but great to be here. Um, let me build on this. I think what Dave said and what Peter said is incredibly important. Uh, the traditional model of a university breaks. It cannot be a supply side skills building job schooling environment. And you make a great point that it's a place for free thinking and early stage development.
And Dave makes that great point. Peter, I think, nails it when you say this is where you go to figure out your MTP, right? You've come through high school, you need a place where you can sit for a few years, collaborate, think freely, drink a lot, and figure out where your MTP is. Uh, and then you kind of go into the world with the skill set and the mindset that you need to solve these problems that you take on. And that I think will be the highest order. But that's such a massive transformation to shift from the supply side to the demand side. and you like take the immune system in universities being the second worst immune system I've ever seen next to religion um that you have don't have a I don't have a dim view I don't have a strong view on their ability to actually transform so we'll have to create new new universities that do that and then let that become the new gravity center over
time >> boom all right thank you mirror uh Axel over to you >> yeah hi everyone it's great to be here um so I'm actually one of two secondyear MBA students at UVA's Darden School of Business that's on the call. So, shout out to Bul who's also here. Um, yeah, so many of our classmates are heading into consulting and banking unsurprisingly. Um, but I'm leaning towards tech and entrepreneurship. Um, so given how fast things are moving, like what's the smartest thing for someone like me to do in the next 12 to 18 months? So would that be joining a fast growing AI or hardware company, start something of my own as soon as possible or something else entirely? >> Dave, >> well very tartan is the best place on the planet for management. I mean it is absolutely epic and so congratulations on and your timing for graduating is is pretty much perfect. So get out and and get going as quickly as you can.
I think there's a massive opportunity in management of agents that is wide open for some period of time, but certainly right now. And so if you said everything I learned about management of people immediately applies to management of agents, I'm I'm shocked at how similar uh trying to get a thousand agents to do something constructive together is shockingly similar to all my experiences trying to manage a thousand people to do something constructive together. You know, the way they communicate, the way they, you know, the the choice of granularity at which they communicate, the way you divide up the problem. I mean just incredibly similar. So that's one thing to pursue. The other thing I'd say is, you know, um deal making right now, you know, a lot of people go wrong when they go into a basement and try and build something. But right now, the entire restructuring of the world is happening
with massive amounts of dealm. So, you know, from the day you graduate to the day you're involved in a 5 or 10 billion negotiation, try and get that down to 30 days or less. And if you say, well, why am I not in the middle of a 5 or 10 billion? When you go to OpenAI or Anthropic right now, there are hundreds of concurrent five to 10 billion dollar negotiations going on that are massively understaffed. So ask yourself, why am I not in the middle of one of these? And I think if you if you just change your behavior so that you are within 30 to 30 to 60 days of graduation day, you're going to you're going to hit the fastest conceivable ramp into life that you could ever imagine. Then work back from that position into what you want to build. >> Wonderful. Thank you so much for the question. I'm going to make a quick announcement for everybody here. If you're not able to make it to Moonshots live
uh a week from today, um we're going to be offering a free live stream as well. So, we're going to invite you guys to come onto our live stream. Uh it's going to be you can go and register at moonshots.com/livestream. Um and so I just want to we want to really enable all of you guys to be there with us. Be there physically, meet us. There's going to be no diff no better way to absorb this and the community and the networking you're going to have is going to be incredibly powerful, but we want you guys to have access to all the conversations that we have. So, moonshots.com/livestream. We're going to be announcing we're recording a pod in 4 hours. It's going to be an amazing one with Vlad, the CEO of um uh of uh Robin Hood. Uh and we'll be putting it's coming out tomorrow. We'll put that to the rest of the world, but you're hearing about it first right here. Okay, Adam, you're up next. Welcome.
>> All righty, guys. Well, firstly, thank you. I've listened to you guys since 2023 and usually within 24 hours of an episode dropping. So, massive thank you. Uh, you've genuinely influenced and challenged my thinking for years now. Um I've also spent 25 years working on talent and workforce systems for major corporations, universities and governments in the UK, India, China, the Middle East and North America. uh most recently I've been kind of working in a hellic organizations human AI work and what might ultimately replace our job based architecture and my moonshot really is about building a better mechanism for connecting human and digital capability to opportunities for value creation. So uh most folks think about the future of work still starting with demand like someone identifies a problem or opportunity and then we find a mixture of human and AI capability to best address it. But
I'm really thinking about how we best reverse that. So my question comes down to if AI systems can be configured to continuously understand the dynamic capabilities of people and agents, how well do you think we can discover novel combinations of talent and resources and how well do you see us actually being able to automatch that to new value creation opportunities? >> Uh Selene, that sounds like a you question and I'm happy to have Alex weigh in as well. Yeah. So we're seeing new systems where their feedback loop is incredible for AI systems to pick up what's happening and learn tacet knowledge uh very quickly. So I think you're exactly on the right track. You want the architecture of the organization to be so that you can accelerate those learning loops and then absorb new learnings as they come along as fast as possible. When I talk to CEOs, I basically say, "Please, whatever you do,
invest in the adaptability and flexibility of your organization and just double down on that because that new architecture and we're doing this in our organizational singularity work which you're probably tracking where we're saying we need to rebuild our workflows that are AIcentric to be over on top of an intelligence stack which is a learning loop and then you layer workflows on top of that and the whole thing becomes a self-learning proposition. See that? see that channel. Okay. So, uh that's I think the quick answer there. >> Alex, do you want to weigh in? >> Yeah, I I think there is a narrow a likely narrow window during which if I understand the question, AI can usefully and productively orchestrate human activities, call it few years at most, 10 years maximum. And then after that, human machine merger in order for human inputs to remain economically relevant. I I don't think it's
an indefinite window. I think it's a finite window. >> Fantastic. >> That even even well, even though it's a narrow window, I wouldn't hesitate to jump on that window. I've watched Meror become, you know, the fastest appreciating company in the history of the world. And there's so much to learn from studying their case. And Alex is right, that window is a few years, but during that few years, if you get a huge amount of leverage, you can then branch out from that position. So I would walk exactly in the footsteps of Meror study everything those guys did and and you know don't don't get too fixated on the narrow version of it. Look at the broader version of like they've unleashed 100,000 people now to help with AI. How did they do that? And they're all individual actors. How does that work? >> Fantastic. Alexander, over to you. >> Thank you. Hi. Um I'm a big fan of the show and uh really thank
you very much for everything you've been you've been doing so far. I this is this is this is an awesome place to be. So my name is Alex. I'm originally from Bulgaria and I moved to Japan about 30 years ago. So here in Japan, I run an education company focused primarily on language education, English language education. Uh we provide training for universities and corporations generally speaking, right? So um we've been around for 17 years. So we're hardly not like we we're not really like a typical early stage startup or anything like this. So over that time we've built our own learning platform, curriculum, assessment systems, uh substantial base of educational content and data. Also we are als you know increasingly um integrating AI into the product. Probably not fast enough but like you know doing what we can. Um so now we're trying to um make a bigger transition from a successful education
services business into something much more scalable and technologydriven potentially expanding beyond language education as well. Um I think it's mostly like a Dave question but like you know correct me if I'm wrong. So putting your VC head on um if you looked at us you know four or five years further down the line you know a horizon of four to five years what would you want such a company or this company to have become what would you what would uh we need to do what what would we need to have built to or proven for you to say now this company's uh what I you know take a serious look at or you know be interested as an investor and conversely ly if possible what would you know make you look at at us and say no this is still fundamentally a services business not a venture scale company >> the VC perspective yeah >> sure sure easy question so yeah um so the the language English language learning
in Japan business uh is a10 billion business probably 20 billion by now that's that it's just insanely big but when you talk to the students they don't want to learn English they want to learn to be fluent and funny and interesting in English and that so it's not about just an AI avatar teaching you to speak correctly. It's about the AI then saying to you, yeah, that was genuinely funny that somebody in America or in England would find that funny or that was entertaining or that was, you know, or you pronounced that correctly in in this part of, you know, Ireland, which is very different from this part of Liverpool. Um, so all of that goes on and on and on and on. So if you built it on an AI platform, I think the natural segue from there is to becoming a life coach company because people aren't learning English because they want English. They're learning English cuz they want to change their
lives and then they want to be entertaining and then they want to be smart and then they want to have a life plan. So once you have them hooked on learning a language, becoming their life coach platform is a very natural segue. So I think that that business model scales to many hundreds of billions of dollars when it moves from language to life plan. Uh so that's what I would be looking for as a extension of the of the of the business. >> Thank you very much. >> Over to you. >> For the record, that's something I've never thought of. Thank you very much. That was like super helpful. >> Awesome. >> Happy. >> Dave is brilliant. >> Good morning, Jim. >> Good morning. Alex Mercury does have it coming. I very much agree with you on that. I hope I live long enough to see that in Seline. Uh 2010, I saw them in Toronto. It's fantastic. >> Love it. >> Yeah. Dave, my question is for you. So, I'm the
siso of a $250 million healthcare company. Um I am not worried about an unaligned AI taking over. I am scared to death of the Quinn 3827B that's running with open clot underneath my desk and what it can do. It's the best pen tester I've ever had in my life. I pay these guys 50 grand to find things and I'm not finding them and this thing finds them in 10 minutes. >> There's a whole level of risk that wasn't there a year ago. I'm giving my annual presentation to the board. in a few weeks. Any advice you have on how to communicate this new level of risk to the board, maybe without sounding like Chicken Little, which I can't do, but how would you communicate this level of risk that's out there now with these new AI models that wasn't there a year ago? >> God, what a great question. Um, you know, Alex does a phenomenal job of reporting on all of the uh the events. Like if you listen to Innermost
Loop and every event that happens, he covers it. I I would, you know, if you sound like you're raving about risk, you know, you're right, that's going to backfire. But if you're just pointing out things that have happened, you know, a lot of them aren't widely publicized because, you know, if it's a bank that gets hacked or whatever, they don't want the world to know. But if you go and dig all those out and sequentially say, "Look guys, the rate of events is on this exponential ramp right here, and I can tell you I've got Quinn under my desk right now, and I can hack anything around the house, around the company network." uh so we have to anticipate that because the Chinese models got released on this date this date this date that the attackers are coming you know 1 month 3 month 5 months from now just looking at raw data I think if you demonstrate it through data you'll get you'll get awareness
and I tell you the business opportunity of the century though is the defense you know the forward defense against that because you're exactly right it's it's crazy what what you can do with that Quinn model >> yeah and I would just say I would just say how you present the information is critically important you know presenting saying here are all the positive things that are occurring, you know, and then saying and here's the downside, right? If you if you just come out with the downside, people it it drives fear initially and people shut down in a state of fear. >> Maybe ju just add to this one. I I think that the Linux kernel maintainers are setting an excellent standard for how to anchor social expectations regarding a flood of vulnerabilities. So like Greg and others I I think have been doing a good job. in particular, one might reasonably expect that there's just going to be a flood
of vulnerabilities that whether it's Quinn or other models discover either in open source packages or in say whatever your institution is over the next 18 months or so. So one possible way to package this in addition to just benchmarking the the rate of vulnerabilities is see if if there's a way to fit say some Gaussian or or some other like bounded support distribution to vulnerability discover. Maybe it's the case, for example, optimistically that there's just 18 months of vulnerability discovery hell, but then you get past it as an institution. And if the stakeholders say, "All right, well, we're on an exponential ramp up now and it's going to peak." We extrapolate that vulnerability discovery is going to peak in n months and then we'll discover all of the all of the zero days that are most critical and then we extrapolate that it's going to decline and keep a running benchmark of this
is the period when we just solve all the vulnerabilities. That might be another way to package it. >> I hope you're right about that. It's It's hard to patch all those things in the real world. It really is harder to do the patching. But thank you all so much. I appreciate everything. >> My pleasure. Thank you. >> I'm real quick. >> Real quick. >> Yeah. So, uh, we've been looking at the liability for boards because AI agents are doing fairly illegal things in a lot of the companies. And so there's a massive kind of, um, overhang of liability that sits. So I'm actually writing a paper with a guy who's been on 30 different public boards on how do you navigate this as a board in the future. So watch for that. >> I will thank you very much. Y >> thank you Michael. >> Oh hey everyone. Hey uh Peter. We actually met several years ago at a party at Dan and Babs in Toronto. So great to >> nice >>
great to see how you guys have come and you got the best you got the best podcasts on the planet. Um I hope you forgive a more pedestrian question. I run a a research consultant firm. We do a lot of work around the customer experience, digital customer experience within financial services and healthcare. And I kind of see the whole c consumer website, the mobile app is just getting cooked by having everybody having their own Skippy. And I'm kind of wondering what you guys think about, you know, how are what's the customer experience in the near future in terms of dealing with your bank, your your doctor, your, you know, Amazon or whatever it is like where do you see this going? Yeah, I think I think all of those um websites need to have XML interfaces that are AI, you know, AI forward. All of the landing pages should say if you're an AI or a bot, look here. Here's all the data beautifully
formatted so that Skippy can just get what whatever it needs. You know, do whatever transaction Peter needs rather than, you know, right now a lot of it happens through screen scraping the website, which is slow but also errorprone. So, you know, anyone creating a a new customer interface now really ought to be thinking an agent needs to be able to self-s serve off the off this interface. So, in the very near future, >> no, uh the website is probably there the same way. You know what? Jeff Bezos went on one of his walkabouts many many years ago and came back and said, "I need an XML interface on everything Amazon does, every database, every system, so that I personally can randomly spot check it." and and all the IT guys said, "That's going to be so slow." He said, "I don't care. I need to be able to see every component of this entire operation through my browser." And he forced it through.
Everyone revolted, but he forced it through. I think the website's not cooked because that's how you spot check what the agent can see. >> And so even though the agent is doing all the work, you're going to want to know like where did you get that information? And it's like, well, go to this URL. Click. You go to the URL. Oh, that's where it came from. So it's sort of a parallel view for humans of what the agent can see that keeps it you know keeps it visible and transparent to the human operator. So I don't think it's cooked. I think it just runs in parallel. >> Interesting. Thank you. Thank you so much uh for us. Over to you. >> Hey Peter and Moonshots. Thank you so much first of all for the podcast uh especially with the message of hope and optimism. Um I have coridmia. It's an inherited retinal disease. um lost about twothird of my vision and losing another third and it's really great
for podcasts such as yours. It has so much impact the message of hope optimism constantly hearing that really I just so I wanted to be here to thank you all for that. Uh I'm curious um of all researchers that are going from uh you mentioned Dr. David Sinclair to uh mapping the neural activities with neural link uh to vision and sight curious not looking for medical advice but of everything that's happening uh on the optimism and hope um which one do you think is going to lead to reversal of vision essentially first I'm curious about your thought Peter and Alex's and everyone else so much >> yeah of course I'll jump in first so you didn't always have this condition this condition occurred as you got older correct Yeah. So the fact of the matter is it is gene expression that occurred later in your life. And so if we can turn back the gene expression to your earlier state um that should reverse
right this is the exact work that David Sinclair is doing. He's using his ER 100 which is a adnoassociated virus injection of three Amanaka factors in nion disease and macular degeneration. it may well you know he said it will work for other eye conditions as well so follow his work it's in humans right now he's in phase one trial for safety and then he'll get start to get efficacious data of course the other thing that's going on is the BCI um in which you can bypass you know your your eyes go directly to the visual cortex of the brain I mean those are two parallel development paths for um you know supporting and reversing or augmenting what you have and in in the BCI path in the future, you'll not only be able to see in visual spectrum, but ultraviolet infrared. It'll give you superpowers in that regard. Alex, what do you want to add to that? And maybe it's so broadly agree. I would add
on the BCI side, science and neuralink, blind sight, two most prominent examples of BCI augmented vision. I would, this is not medical advice, but I would count in a few years on having superhuman vision. >> Yeah. Anyway, it's anybody who has a medical condition for yourself or your loved ones. There's no better time to be alive uh than now to be able to address those things and get involved. Welcome to the health section of Moonshots brought to you by Fountain Life. You know, AI is having an outsized impact on every aspect of our lives. How we teach our kids, how we run our companies. It also is having a huge impact on health, helping you prevent heart disease. One of the key things I'm here with Dr. Don Mucalem, our chief medical officer at Fountain. Heart disease has been personal for you as well, hasn't it? >> It really has, Peter. My daughter was five, my husband died of sudden cardiac
death. And so, this is a topic that is one that I am missiondriven to try to eradicate. Prevention first and early detection is absolutely critical. 50% of people die of heart attacks with no warning signs, >> no shortness of breath, no pain, no nothing. >> No silent killer. >> They just don't wake up in the morning. >> They don't wake up. And so you know AI this is our mission to advance science to try to help to one day democratize wellness we know at fountain life when we do this CT angography with AI analytics we are actually finding that 88% of people coming in have detectable coronary arter disease but Peter what's more alarming to me is 23% of those individuals had soft plaque. This is the plaque that would not traditionally be seen on CT looking at calcium scores alone. And this is the plaque that we must intervene with with the multimodal testing we're doing, including diagnostic
laboratory studies partnered with healthy lifestyle recommendations. >> So listen, make sure you understand what's going on inside your body genetically, metabolically, and cardiovascularly. You can know, and it's your obligation to know. So check it out at fountainlife.com/peter to find out more and really make sure that you're the CEO of your own health. All right, back to the episode. Uh Dennis, how are you? >> Awesome. Great to be here. So, I have a background in East Asian studies. I spent a lot of time learning Chinese and some Japanese currently in Japan actually. And um based on my experience with language learning, I realized that people uh seek out other people from a different culture uh for the language initially, but then uh it becomes really more about friendship and companionship and projecting some of your own unfulfilled social needs onto a person who is like a blank slate
from a different culture. And I've been trying to replicate that feeling by working on an AI uh language exchange uh companion um who's kind of about language learning but really more about companionship. And I have my own version of the alignment problem uh which is it has actually been pretty hard to make uh an AI like uh GPT5 uh API um behave like an actual person from a different culture. It had this very stubborn assistant mode. How can I help you? What can I do for you? Um I spent like a week fighting against this. I solved this by just brute forcing into the system prompt five times. Do not ask a a question at every turn. Um, but cracking down on something like this is one thing, but actually teaching it to behave in a way that shows initiative and open curiosity and creating a picture of the user and kind of developing it organically um has been pretty hard. like I've tried um creating
like milestones after so and so many turns you need to know this about the user but making it more natural and organic so that it will actually feel like a relationship that has been pretty hard so I wonder what approaches um what tools I should maybe be experimenting with >> who wants to take this Alex I >> I'll take this one this is a poster child for fine-tuning like ju just just take openai has decided after deciding that they were no longer interested in fine-tuning because no one was using their fine-tuning API have decided again that they're interested in fine-tuning for whatever reason. Take a look at fine-tuning. There are a variety of uh open- source tools, closed source tools, uh fine-tune, whether it's just supervised fine-tuning to achieve style transfer, which it sounds like is is what you're hoping for, or even reinforcement fine-tuning. If you can measure how well the the
given models post reinforcement fine-tuning or solving particular problems are interacting in some quantitative way just fine-tune an open weight or closed weight model to achieve the behavior that you're looking for. >> Yeah, great advice. And and within within open weights um you might want to start with the new GLM model which has fewer parameters but it's still a very long context window which gives you more flexibility. It's less it's less locked into its training. I I find than the uh the closed source models. And so yeah, if you go to the open source world and find the fine-tuning open source code and layer it on top of GLM, you might be able to manipulate it a lot more. And so it's it's a great question though. And in the good old days, you know, the fine-tuning was sort of built into like GPT2, GPT3, and you you almost had to fine-tune it to make it do anything, and that that kind
of went away. So, but you're on you're on a really interesting course. If you crack the code, definitely check in with us and tell us tell us how you did it. >> Fantastic. Thank you, Dennis. >> Dr. Angelo, over to you. >> Thank you. >> Peter, Dave, Alex, Salem, it's so good to be with you guys. Um, Seem said something recently which was about uh Pab and I thought, "Wow, what a what a great idea. We're always talking about Poom. What about Pab?" And I'm lucky enough uh I recently had lunch with Ray Kerszswe and I'm friends with Martine Rothblad. I'll be seeing her again in a few weeks. And one of the things that has really stuck with me is how much the people predicting the future and shaping the future are so optimistic about it. Some of the most knowledgeable people are really positive about what the future holds. So my question for you all is if you had to put your personal PAB number out
there, what probability would you assign to AI ultimately producing a dramatically better world for humanity with greater abundance and longevity and freedom from drudgery and just human flourishing more generally? And what most determines whether we get there? >> Salem, let's go to you first. >> Wow. Uh okay. Um the what what you need to get there is we need to rebuild all of our institutions uh globally. Education for example totally broken needs to be rebuilt. Monetary systems broken need to be rebuilt. Governance models, dispute resolution systems, legal systems, health care systems. There's about 50 major institutions by which we run the world. They pretty much all need this. There's a famous quote from Io Wilson who said the problem with humanity is our emotions are paleolithic. Our institutions are medieval and our technology is godlike. Right? You can solve the paleolithic emotions
with uh psychedelics. Uh but the institutions being medieval really needs a whole other level of group different group organization. We're really good at individual transformation. We're very bad at group transformation and institutional transformation. So we need to focus on that. if we were able to do it, the the my PAB is close to 100%. Uh either way, one of the comments I'm been reflecting on from the last podcast we did, which we were talking about all the chaos and the dumerism that's going on is that it kind of doesn't matter what anybody does right now. The models are out there. People are going to start using it to do breakthrough things. And some will be negative, but the vast vast majority will be radically positive. And therefore, it doesn't matter what anybody does to slow this thing down, it's going to go now at its own pace. And I'm hugely optimistic about the future as a result.
>> Amazing. Anybody else want to weigh in on their Pab? >> Yeah, I'll call it P Zoom if if you were just for rhyming purposes. And I I think there there's a missing input parameter, which is time. So, it really should be P zoom, T for time. And I I think on a time scale of greater than 10 years, P ZoomT is greater than 90%. >> It has to completely agree. >> Well, I I just to echo what Alex said. I think that the the risk is all in the next couple of years. And it's not AI, you know, taking over the world risk. It's human use of AI. It's the it's the arms race with China. It's what's going on in Ukraine and all the weapons that are going to be built with AI. that those are the risks and I think that we'll humanity will put those risks behind us definitely within 10 years you know maybe more like five I hope and then if we get that far yeah I'm 99.9% P bloom we just need to get from here to
there so it's it's a tricky next couple years >> fantastic thank you very much Angela uh over to you uh GS excuse me I'm cooking breakfast for my kids right Yeah. Um, thank you very much. A big fan for all four five of you. You are the my only human which I spend most time now. Um, and >> you're you're quite sure that we're human, GS? >> Yeah, I hope so. Um, I'm I'm speaking from Dubai. Uh, I started following Moonshot at the time of geopolitical war here and uh, thanks for you to giving me the MTP. big big big fan of David and Sim the moment you start I heard about the singularity an organization where the transaction cost going to go zero and that's was the ring bell um I'm belong from textile and apparel manufacturing export industry I worked 20 years in that and this part of the world where the labor arbitration issues and because of digital AI that whole transaction cost which going
to collapse so it important for us to work and define this industry future Huh? And the MTP is to you know reach back to these th multi-,000 factories and and then buying houses and trading houses to work and use the AI and compete with the world uh and uh rather than going out of market. Um so I have huge uh thank you for giving that optimism and that confidence for me to uh re re unlearn and relearn on the AI world uh uh things and also you know I saved lot of money just because of your one advice I had my Harvard uh uh OPM uh batch this year I not went there and I saved a lot of money to paying them because I'm learning more on AI while listening you guys. Um so my question to you is uh Sim and Dave how I shall take this uh step forward where my my company in Pertham.AI AI and we building this agentic layer where the small enterprises can work intelligently on that and without any expensive
softwares and ERP and such and be competitive where the transaction cost just just to tell you the transaction cost of this industry is 10 to 20% of sales here in this part of the world which is 5 to 10x of the profitability that industry make. So that is the kind of inefficiency we are talking and my MTP is because millions of workers works in labor industry in that part and we have to save that and for saving that we have to make sure the white collar process should be the agentic so that the efficiency keep continue. Yeah, I'm so so glad you asked that question because I I see this a lot. You know, people who are in industries where you like, you know, manufacturing is considered to be very labor intensive. But when you look at the actual operating costs of the company, it's all about planning transactions, documents, all of which is beautiful AI territory. And then you look at the numbers
and you're like, "Wow, we could we could drop 10, 20, 30% more to the bottom line with stuff that AI can do right now." And everyone's thinking, "Oh, but first I would need to, you know, have robots all over the place." Like, no, no, no, no. Do it just with the paperwork and the planning and the scheduling and the the inefficiency of where people are and what they're doing. All of that is perfectly attackable with AI. So, if you productize that, you know, across a region for, you know, a certain class of companies, that should work incredibly well. It's a it's a very, very cool idea. One other meta topic is uh everybody thinks all wealth and power is going to go to like two or three places in the world. But if you look at the regulatory environments in those places including the US, including California, a lot of things are going to be very very slow because of regulatory slowdowns and there
are many places in the world that can move much more quickly. So if you can identify the subsets that sure it could happen in China, sure it could happen in the US but it won't because of this government blocking action. This happens a ton in biotech. It it'll come in self-driving. It'll come in drones, you know, the flying drones, drone delivery. All of those areas will deploy in other areas of the world much more quickly than the US because of regulatory slowdown. you know, get those deployed there, uh, wherever they can take off and flourish and then they can backport to the US. That's always been a really good business plan. Sim, anything you want to add to that? Are you transacting some huge Bangalore deal? >> I'm trans I'm just trying to get my way through this city, so I'll I'll beg off on this particular one. >> Can you Can you point the camera out the window? I really want to see
some uh see some media here. >> Okay, hold on. Um, this is a Bangalore at night and all you see is construction. Can you see some of that? >> Or how about at the front where there's a ton of trans there's a ton of traffic. >> Okay. Let's go to to uh RA. >> Not the tour. Not the tour I was looking for, but that was all right. >> All right. Well, thank you. Listen, this is a greeting from from from Germany and uh speaking David in your language. I listen to a lot of podcasts, international, national ones. You're 10x the best in the world. You know, I follow you for years. This this is for sure. It's it's it's arising like pop stars. It's it's amazing. Um my question is um I think in the last couple of editions we see an increase concern on on security. Of course, I think we captured it captured it here a number of times and and then I think Alex you framed it a little a few weeks ago as potentially
a marketing thing because all the CEOs have a have a commercial interest in all of that. Now we see more and more the Hintons of the world, the Hararis, the Gavdats and other scientists warn as well in a certain way. So far so good. I mean it's technology. We need to we need to somehow manage it to to to find right answers maybe on a scale never as we've seen never before. What triggers me most at the moment and this is US and Europe equally the same. It's the public opinion on AI and this is predominantly driven by the media, right? everything which is bad, which is a little poor, which is scary, which is whatever, the media jumps on it and have a headline, you know, and and I can tell you here it's it's even worse than everywhere else. It's and versus, you know, Singapore for instance, right? Or other company, other countries adopting it much more. And and how do you how do you treat that?
Because I I mean, you're on this path of optimism like we all are, right? And and I do this also as part of Accenture, part of my job every day. Um, and it's exciting. I feel I feel 10 times accelerated as a human being since I deal with that. But the media doomerism, so to say, is so counterproductive. And yes, we have challenges, of course, we all need to work on those. What's what's your opinion? I know you try hard, but I mean, what do you think? >> So, the media is is always going to be broken from here forward because they're starved for money. they have no budget and so they have to chase drama in order to even survive and so that you just got to write off the mainstream media. I think the the c the antidote to that is uh micro media or you know X and podcasts and you know narrowcasting and I I think in particular Germany to me is the most talented place on the planet that isn't doing
AI. It's just mind-blowing. And I I keep running into people in California that have come over from Germany and I I'm like you're in the right place. What you want to do is go to PaloAlto, go to San Francisco, spend a month, pick up the culture, go in a group of like five or seven people, and then backport it, bring it back to Germany and expand it, but do it with like seven becomes 50 becomes 500 people that are all communicating through podcasts and through X and through Slack and through texting that, you know, they realize that everyone around them is completely out of touch with what's going on. And that's okay because within that group they're self-reinforcing. You just need to get those critical masses of people. So I think the antidote to main mainstream media is narrowcasted media and it just kind of it percolates on its own. >> Yeah. I just wanted to jump in there because at the
end of the day what you let into your mind is critical, right? uh you know having some uh you know news producer decide what you learn or some editor decide what you read um I would I I don't give them that option. I'm very careful like what I put into my body from a food perspective and what I let into my mind from a shaping my neural net perspective and I choose very carefully the content that I absorb and you guys are doing that as well. you're, you know, listening listening to the podcast. So, uh, that's just it. Uh, Alex or Sim, you want to add to that? >> I, I'll just note maybe the the obvious point, you could always leave Europe. Europe has been hobbled both due to external factors and internal factors. the the postcold war era and there are a number of historians who've written in particular about the role that the George HW Bush administration at the end of the cold war played in
uh deciding whether Europe would be brought more even more into the US orbit postcold war versus forming a stronger federation like EU and the bias was bring Europe into more of a US orbit so that it would be less independent That may or may not have been the right geopolitical decision at the time. But I think now what we're seeing is a Europe that's energy hobbled, that's politically in certain ways hobbled, that doesn't enjoy uh this is again widely reported uh certain freedoms uh of speech and action that are considered fundamental in the US. But I I think it really it's energy uh energy policy and associated policies that have left Europe hobbled. And so then if if you're really interested in accelerationism and you're Europe, what do you do? Well, either you get your energy act together so that you can afford to power your own data centers or you leave. And I I think this is the question.
And and by the way, this has to happen on a relatively abbreviated time scale because we're in in the middle of recursive self-improvement. So anyone who who wants to play top-notch ball in the infrastructure game in Europe has to be asking the question right now. Either solve the energy plus data center crunch together with the the conccomant policy issues or just move to hopefully the the US block the pox silica and do it here. >> Yeah. One of my good friends, Guy Bradley, actually, he's he's actually British, but he he came to the US, made a fortune uh in tech in the US, and then moved back to Germany. He speaks perfect German and French. So, he has a place in southern France and a place in Germany. And he there's no better place on the planet to live in his opinion, and I agree actually uh between between Germany and France. It's just beautifully protected from everything that's damaging
in the world. and and you look at other jurisdictions, you know, that uh you know, like India, for example, where it's just rampant growth, but it's absolutely trashed. And it's like so so I think I'm I'm always surprised that more Germans are not in Boston and Silicon Valley. I think there's a lot of national pride, but if you just do a 5-year tour of duty in the US, you're going to be so overwhelmingly happy when you move back to uh to Germany. It really it really feels like it should happen more. I I I can tell you I'm an international traveler, Seline. 21 times I was in Bangalore. So I see all this rising and I wonder, Alex, absolutely. What are we doing over here? Why do we don't why don't we wake up? Why are we under whatever kind of avenue? But anyway, that's that's another topic. Thank you very much. >> Thank you, Rafe. Over to you, Ron. >> And we'll go for another 10 minutes and
then we're going to have to jump into our normal days here. >> Okay. Um, thanks so much for doing this. I'm calling in from uh Calgary, Canada and longtime listener and uh I'm a screenwriter director. So uh a big special thank you to Peter because uh I was in a bad place uh when I was uh in the early uh early this year I was writing something about China and uh yeah I was like borderline depressed but uh since I've been uh uh you know writing uh another project for uh future vision uh you know x-prise you know I have become a bit more optimistic about the future and everything. I also read the books uh Peter wrote the abundance and uh you know we are as gods and u so I've been thinking so since uh everything is uh hooked or incinerated as Alex would say uh what is the like one of the hardest problem still left so I kept coming back to like distrust between rival nations right and uh I read
solve everything two weeks ago and Alex and Peter you actually described agreement as one of the new scarcities uh once cognition becomes abundant. Right? So I wonder could agreement under distrust itself become computebound and could coordination between rivals like the US and China uh become an engineering problem. So here's my question. uh as sovereign AIS will increasingly advise governments who we create a shared protocol uh that they can connect to and use AI and privacy preserving computation to search for improving agreements without either side exposing uh protected data. Um is that technically an institutionally meaningful direction and if it is you know what do each of you think is the hardest part uh we should solve first? Thank you >> Alex. Over to you, pal. >> Yeah. Um, so I'll give you a hot take because that's what people want, I think. Uh, so multi multi-party computing,
MPC or distributed multi-party, uh, computation is a very fashionable problem in computer science right now. Enabling enabling multiple parties in a zero trust way to collaborate, to share data, to achieve convergence, to mediate, very fashionable. However, my hot take on this one is I don't think that's the limiting factor for say international peace. If if if you said the the goal is I I want uh I I don't want a second cold war between the US and China. I uh I I want you know world peace uh thousand years of peace or whatever it looks like. I don't actually think that the solution looks algorithmic in nature. It probably looks more geopolitical infrastructural like solve the Taiwan issue and redmesticate all supply chains everywhere to every country so that the the international trade in physical products can afford to be cut off without a global depression. I I think what we've seen even
just in the recent years in the Middle East is in no small part because America can now frack its way and has fracked its way to fossil fuel energy sovereignty and independence. And I I want to generalize that example which I think is very instructive to what happens when the US no longer needs China or Taiwan or South Korea or Japan for any advanced manufacturing at all. I think it would be a very different world. So in summary, if the goal is world peace, obliterate, as perverse as this sounds, obliterate, cook, incinerate the need for global trade in products and services. And perversely, I think you get a very peaceful world. And I don't think there's an algorithmic component to that. Not to first order. >> Yeah, Peter, >> I got I got I got oil on my hands. I couldn't get any on me. >> Peter, this is your cooking show. We're doing the cooking show. Oh, that's cool. Yeah, let's see what
you're what you're doing there. >> I'm sure it's healthy. Whatever it is, >> it it is it is. It's an omelette for my boys. Uh Anthony, over to you. >> Yes. Hello to the moonshot mates. Um I want to thank you all for your time and for the opportunity to participate in the AMA. Also, the podcast has been very valuable uh especially in the time we're in where people are looking at it cynically and negatives. You guys have been a hope and optimism for me. Uh just a simple question is what books or material do you recommend reading to prepare for the transition we're in? I know you've mentioned Diamond Age and uh Ray's books, The Singularity and um some other works he has. I was just curious if you had any other material that you think is important to read. Uh, Alex, what's your >> Yeah, I'll I'll comment and this is probably the last question I can take before I need to drop. Read Solve Everything
as folks in the comments. So, solveverthing.org, which Peter and I wrote. And then if you like sci-fi, read Accelerondo by Charlie St, which is I think the the single best sci-fi treatment of what's what we're what's in the process of happening right now. >> So, everybody, listen, thank you for joining us. Uh, we love this, you know, the last one and this one. We're going to do this again. Uh it's a chance for us to really connect with everybody, hear your thoughts. Um we have such brilliant minds with Alex and Seem and Dave. Uh I feel grateful to spend time with them every week and spend time with you. You know, we know your time is your most precious thing. So we appreciate it. Um remember you can join Moonshots Live now by uh by uh on the live stream. Uh so if you're not able to make it in person and we and please it's going to be an amazing event. join us on the live stream and uh we're
grateful for your time. Everybody have a beautiful day and see you all again very soon.