[music] Hey, welcome to another lunch and learn. If this is the first time you're joining, my name is Georgian Gaton. I am the CEO and founder of GSC solutions and I'm also an organizational systems architect. What that means is simply I build different systems and operations, helping people connect technology, operations, workflows, and how they be more productive and get work done. So, in today's episode, we're doing a little something a little bit different. Let me know what y'all think of the camera. So, I'm using um my DJI Osmo Pocket 3 as a webcam. So, I'm I'm kind of looking up because the camera's up here, but the screen is down here, and we're figuring it out. But, this looks good. From what I'm seeing, it looks really amazing. Um, actually, when I'm looking at the screen, it doesn't look too bad. So, you let me know down below in the comments what you think. If you're watching this
live, let's interact. Let's have a good conversation. And if you're watching this afterwards, let me know some feedback in the uh comment section. But in today's lunch and learn, what we're going to be talking about is three ways to maximize networking and events in the age of AI. I know over the last few years, me personally, I stopped going to as many in-person events as I wanted to. I wasn't doing as much networking. I would connect with people on LinkedIn. I would connect with people on social media, but it wasn't as much interaction as I actually actually wanted. And I'm going to do something in real time with y'all today right now because I didn't know if this this setup is working. So, I'm actually going to join. >> All right. Audio is on. Everything is working. I wanted to make sure the light the LinkedIn is good. So now back into it. Um what I was saying previously is that with ver
with everything going digital and now with AI, it feels like sometimes you don't really need to network anymore or like there's so much automation like why can't AI help you out in that space? And I wanted to come on and talk about the ways that I've been using AI to maximize that my networking and increase my network and truly build valuable connections. So the first thing I want to talk about is you want to make sure that when you are trying to network in the age of AI that you know what you want to get out of the event, the function, the connection, you want to think with your end goal in mind. Is it to just meet new people? Is it just uh you're trying to sell something? Is it that you are trying to get feedback, expand your brand? And you might think, I don't want to be sounding selfish or too um into myself. That's fine. you if you start with the end goal in mind and reverse engineer
it, it's going to be more impactful for you as well as the people that you're networking with. There are so many bots, there's so much technology, sometimes you're not even talking to a human. Um, I've seen so many interesting things over the last couple weeks. um with AI that you have to have your end goal in mind and that way even if it is a human or a technology and assistant the person themselves you can benefit from that conversation because you know what you're trying to get out of it. So another thing too is planning the followup. So that's the the comp this is like one a so one know what you want to get out of the event and one a is plan the followup before attending. What are you going to follow up and say? Are you going to send them a link? Are you going to send them a resource? have it all in one place cuz I know I know I am not the best at followup. I actually built a solution
to help me with followup and I'm we're going to be dropping a YouTube video on the GSSE solutions channel to talk about what the solution is uh that is going to be helping me with followup and leveraging the networking. So I'll tease a little bit of it towards the end of this episode, but keep watching. Um and if you're watching live, go ahead. If you have any questions for me, go ahead and put them into the chat while I talk to you about three ways that you could use AI in the well, three ways you could leverage and maximize networking and events in the age of AI. So number one and one a is know what you want out of the event and then plan the followup before attending. So whether that's resources, links, uh information that you want to send, have it somewhere so that way when it's time to follow up, it makes it easier. I again, I used to suck at followup. Um and so when I started doing
this, it helped tremendously because I didn't have to go scatterbrain and go all over the place to find information. It was all in one space and I could copy the links, send this text, customize this piece, and it made it easier to follow up and build that true relationship because relationship building is one of the skills that is not going anywhere. It doesn't matter how many AIs are in the middle. It's humans at the two ends of that. And if you don't know how to build a good strong relationship, you're going to lose out on clients, business partners, friends, colleagues, life partners. You're going to lose out in so many different ways. when raising your kids, you're going to lose. And I don't want you to lose. I want you to win. Especially as a leader and an operator. You have too many things on your plate right now to be not able to follow up and follow through with the communication.
So that's one and one a. Number two, make it easy to connect. I cannot tell you how many times I've been to networking events both in person and virtual and someone is like, "Oh, you know, tap my phone, share this link, scan this QR code, and it brings me to a page where I have to fill out information or I have to click on 25 different links and I don't know, do you want to connect on LinkedIn? Do you want to connect on Instagram? Do I email you? Do I do this? Do I do that?" And it just starts spinning. All of this starts spinning. And maybe their best interactive platform for the other person is LinkedIn. your best platform is Instagram and you may have messaged them on LinkedIn, but then you don't check back in or you follow them on Instagram instead of LinkedIn and now they're not checking back in. It just don't don't make it hard to interact with that person. So, you have to make it easy
to connect with you and then make it easy for them to connect with you. I think I said the same thing twice. What I'm trying to say, this is real time, y'all. What I'm trying to say is whatever links you're sending to the person or whatever you're trying to share, make that easy for them to receive. And then when you are collecting their information, make it easy for you to receive. So on both sides, make it easy to receive. And stay till the end. You're going to want to stay to the end. I'm literally so excited about this thing that I uh was working on. Can't wait to tell y'all. I'm trying to hold back because I'm like I have other content that like I have a whole don't think I have more content to share, but I'm literally just so excited about it. [snorts] Um, and then number three is followup. Followup eats me up every single time. Who, if you're watching right now live, like I'm literally
about to look at the comments. Who here loves followup and followup is just so easy for you to do because like raise your hand. Let me know because I be struggling. And if you have any tips for me, let me know. But I think I built something that is going to make my followup chef's kiss so easy, so seamless moving forward. Um, all right. So, follow up. When I say followup, that is making sure you message the person, making sure you email them, making sure you interact with them after that first interaction. You met at a networking event, virtual or in person, message them back on LinkedIn, email them back. And setting specific time on your calendar to do that. That's again I am not the follow-up queen but I want to be one day and that was a tip that really changed the game for me when it came to followup. If I have again everything planned out beforehand, I make it easy to connect and then
I actually do the followup because I have my system right? It's a follow-up communication interaction networking system that I'm building. It made it so much easier to actually build strong healthy connections with the people that I was meeting at events. Right? So, I wanna that's like the first bucket of stuff that I want to talk about with the three ways to maximize networking and events in the age of AI. Now, the stuff that I'm excited about. So, I'm going to show y'all a few things. So, let me get my screens um going. And while I'm doing that, go ahead and let me know in the comment section again if you're watching this live or you're watching the replay. How do you balance and manage follow-up interactions? How do you network in the age of AI? Do you have your bot talk to somebody else's bot? Like, how do you actually benefit from networking, making connections in the age of AI? So,
I got my screens. I'm excited. I'm excited. All right. So, I'm going to share my screen with y'all, and we're going to go through some of the different uh tools that I actually use while networking and helping me to maximize my networking in the age of AI. All righty, let's get this going. All right, I'm going to share a tab at a time. The first tool that I want to talk about is uh Luma. So, Luma, if you aren't familiar, is this website that has a bunch of different events and you can discover events. And I would like to say it's kind of like the 2026 Eventbrite. Eventbrite still does exist, but I know when I first started networking maybe 10 years ago, you know, 12 years ago, Eventbrite was the place to find all the events. Um, no matter if the event was hosted on another platform and go to Eventbrite, then you end up on Splash that you end up on this page that page and it's a discovery
platform and I also used to use what is it called? Um, Gary's Guideen NYC. So, it's a discovery platform as well as a hosting uh platform where you could put events up if you have an upcoming event. So, I really like that feature on um Luma. So, here is my Luma and it's like, you know, I'm interested in, you know, it asks you what you're interested in. But I usually go on a couple, you know, once maybe twice a week to see what's coming up and register for a few events. Um, Partle is another platform. I That one is more so, it has some tech and business events, but that's more so like just community networking events and things of that nature. But definitely Luma is a platform that's in my tech stack when I'm thinking about networking, especially in the age of AI. Another platform that I used to use. Um, so we're going to go to the past a little bit, is called Lunch Club. So, I don't know
if they've changed or what's going on over there. I recently signed up again in the last like two months, but I haven't gotten any conversations yet. I'll still sh plug them because in the past it was super helpful for me where it matches you to um random people based on like your interest, who you're trying to get to know, what you're trying to talk about. So, lunch club, you'll get a couple minutes. Hopefully, y'all get it together and start giving me some meetings. The next tool, so I'm I'm going up in level of excitement, right? So, the next tool that I've been using a whole whole lot in networking is called Bordy. So, if you haven't heard of Bory, it is simply an AI tool. It's super conversational and it will allow you to get introduced to different people. So, Bour connects you with people in its network. So, think of it as like almost like a it's going to sound terrible, like a p I
don't want to say a person. Think of it like LinkedIn. Like if LinkedIn all lived in like one AI and then it's like oh I think you should meet this person that person and it'll tell you about their background and um what they do and why you should connect with them and different things of that nature. So the way this works for literally this is exactly it. I'll get a text message um from board and they'll like hey so and so is in this market this is what they do. Would you be open to an introduction? I told them this about you and it's super conversational. We go back and forth and then it introduces me to the person that is best fit. Um, so I'm I'm proud to say that I'm maybe I'm at least 10 of these uh 20,995 introductions. That number was crazy to say. I struggled a little bit just just now. But nonetheless, let's keep going. So Bour is really does what it says it does and it can connect
to your calendar. I personally don't have it connected to my calendar because I have a thousand different calendars that I kind of move through. So, it'll suggest some times from the other people's calendar and then I will pick one of those times. And I also don't want it to just be sending out all the times because sometimes I'm like fake available, not available. Does anybody do you do that too? Right? You're available but you block the calendar for a work session and so you're technically not available in that time. Um, so Bour definitely recommend as a tool for networking. I've met so many cool people on there. I've been featured on a podcast because of it. Um I'm I'm having maybe like two to four conversations a week through board introductions. So if you think about how you would normally get introduced to a person one-on-one, like let's say you have a mutual colleague or a mutual friend,
Bour is doing that at like super speed. Um and I think there's a little bit less of a friction because it's um it's warm, right? It's a warm connection because it's like we're all in the boarding network, but you know that it's like an intelligent tool. So, it's like really scanning to see if this is a good fit for an introduction for you. Um, so I do appreciate that piece, that element of Bordy. Um, so let's keep going. All righty. Where are we? All right. Now, the big one. This is what I was saying to watch till the end. So, if you've made it, we're here. Come on. Come here. Come here. Come here. Lock in. Lock in. I have a whole YouTube video about this, but I wanted to share with you all. I use uh Meta's app. Meta Meta's tool, Muse. Is it app tool? Whatever. Muse by Meta. And to build out a like, it'll scan the business card. And I'm pretty sure half of y'all going to be real excited about
this and half of y'all going like, "Girl, didn't you know you could do that from before? I didn't know." So I hope the half that is discovering this for the first time like I did is having a great time. So Muse is new. So on Muse, what I was able to do, oh, let's go back. So Muse is from Meta. It's their new AI personal assistant, and it's giving very much Jarvis vibes, like really strong quality a AI assistant. I've used a few before, but I think this one takes the cake and like actually getting the thing done. And I'm all things GSD, get it done. So, I reached out and I was like, "Hey, I need a way for you to scan the business cards and get the person's information, draft a follow-up email." Because what happens is that I go to these events, and I've been doing this for years. I'd go to the event and I would get a stack of business cards and I would manually back in the the heyday I would
manually enter in these business cards into um a spreadsheet that I had. So I'd manually enter the business cards into the spreadsheet. After I put them into the spreadsheet, then I would go through and manually email each person and follow up directly. So that was method number one. Phase two, I then started using mailmerge and I would add custom notes. So that way it's, you know, still me, but the mail merge would send all the emails at once. Instead of me taking 30, 40 minutes, an hour, it would be like five minutes. I just got to enter them. Mail merge emails. Then I wanted to kind of remove myself from the first part. So I started having a VA. I would take a picture, scan the business cards, send them to the VA, they would enter it into the spreadsheet, then I would come in, you know, uh, and do the the mail merge and get the the the last mile. And I was like, what if I could just have
the business cards be as soon as I take the picture, it's inside of the sheet and take it a step above, right? I could also have the follow-up drafted and all I have to do is review the follow-up email and just say send and approve and that's it. It's done. And I could make follow-up easy, right? Because that was was creating a gap for me in networking and maximizing my interactions and events. I I was tired of this like pile stacking up and you'd forget and you have different things to do and I had to catch up back with work all the things that were happening and so now enters Muse and me and my team we've been talking about um using uh building out a solution where I would text the an AI the card kind of what I just mentioned to solve for that and I got a response from Claude and it just seems so cumbersome. I again I'm going to link the video down below so I don't take too much time to
talk about it and it just was so much it just seemed like so much work for me to get from like where I'm at right now with the prompt to like actually finishing this thing. So I was like let me throw it into Muse. So I connected my calendar and uh no my email and a spreadsheet. It did its thing. Set it up. Then I was like let's test it out. So I had some business cards. So I sent it the business cards and it was four cards on uh no I sent four different images. Four different images. And in the future I'm actually going to test it out. Can I send like a picture of like 10 business cards at once? Can that work? It puts it in a spreadsheet and then it drafts up emails. Literally, this is what I've been talking about. It's now a reality. And so when I think of networking and maximizing my time in the age of AI, you know, between boardy making introductions for me, between Luma finding different
events and maybe I could have my AI scan Luma and say like what are the best events that I should attend this week based on what I'm trying to accomplish as goals. I'm pretty sure somebody up there has that workflow and I'm going to implement it to myself because we only have so much time. AI is not going anywhere. It's moving faster than us. But I do prioritize the humanto human connection. I want to get to the point where we are in the meeting. We are, you know, or in the work session. We're at the event. We are in the interaction. And a lot of the the miscellaneous stuff kind of in between don't need to be on my task list, right? I want to make do meaningful work, high quality strategic builder work and coordinating and putting emails into a spreadsheet may not be the best use of my time. And so I hope this episode of Ora lunch and learn has been helpful for you to think about how you
are networking and maximizing your time through using AI. I shared a few tools today. They're going to be linked below. I've shared some apps and platforms and I also shared some strategies in the beginning and networking events are not going anywhere but we could use the AI tools at our disposal to increase our own productivity. That's really the goal and productivity for positive output and outcomes not not to just like be in a loop because that's a next that's another conversation for another time. And so I think what I've shared here shows you how you can leverage these tools, still keep the human aspect and focus on maximizing when I am in person and connecting and not panicking. Oh, I'm going to forget to send you a follow-up email. Let me start drafting that while we're still middle of the conversation. I could focus on creating or bond having an actual conversation with the people
or people's or people or persons that I'm talking to. Person or people that I'm talking to. English is a hell of a language. uh [laughter] the people that I'm talking to and then afterwards the followup be handled and then I could get back into more conversations, more interactions with those people, that person. Yeah. So, I hope you enjoyed this lunch and learn and you learned something. If you have any questions, go ahead and leave them down below in the comment section. If you want to watch the videos that I mentioned around um the elaboration of how we got to build out or muse solution and kind of what I was trying to build in Claude before and just kind of like the thinking and the prompts and the methodologies, definitely go ahead and watch that video. Uh make sure you like this video if it was helpful. Subscribe to our channel and we will see you in uh a future lunch and learn. But
please, you know, keep engaging. We're here with these lunch and learns every single week. If you don't get to watch the live, go ahead and watch the replay when you can. And I don't see any questions in the chat at this time. So, I'm going to head off. I hope you enjoyed this and I'll see you soon. Thank you so much for tuning in to today's lunch and learn session. These are weekly sessions brought to you by GSSE solutions where we unpack AI systems, operations, and all the fields that are connected to them. So, make sure you tune in to next week's session. If you want to watch the replay, you can watch them both on YouTube and on LinkedIn. Also, be sure to subscribe to our newsletter. We can't wait to see you in another lunch and learn session. Thanks so much for watching. Have a good one.