How worried do we need to be about the market absolutely collapsing and taking a big dumply doodla on bond yields which just keep going up and why do they keep going up and what is the underlying economy saying and what again are the canaries in the coal mine because so far we have been probably honestly too bullish on the NASDAQ 100. We were so bullish on the NASDAQ 100, we sent out uh a lot of talk in our alpha reports and our morning course member live streams on the NASDAQ 100 going straight up to all-time new highs that we were so bullish. We pointed out specifically the 712 October 16 calls probably about a month ago at this point somewhere around it was around September 14thish somewhere around there. Right while we were in the midst of the tanker for tanker strikes, this option has literally gone from around 12 bucks over here all the way to $44. That's almost a four freaking Xer
on this option. Why? What is going on? What are the underlying pros and cons to this economy? And what's going on with those credit spreads and bonds? We're going to talk about it. Uh first quick note, come join us over at what is now called Reinvest One. That is our product where you get everything we have to offer. The alpha membership, all the trade alerts, so the alpha report you get every single morning before the market opens up, the course member live streams, the trade alerts, that's all in there. Then we've got a huge terminal release coming towards the end of this year that is going to include the totally rebuilt reinvest stocks platform. Beautiful little coming soon right here. The home's AI release is included in that. All nine courses, the course member live streams, and a product for uh agents for consumers and agents for business. That'll all be included in Q1 and Q2. So, we
got a lot of cool things coming that is all available in one subscription. Actually, it's a one-time payment. So, it's a lifetime payment. That's why we call it reinvest one. You pay once. And uh in 2027, new people will have to pay it as a subscription, but if you get in before then, it'll be a lifetime access product for you, which we think is very exciting. That said, let's get into what's going on with yields and the economy. So, right now, the economy, as we know, is cooking a lot. We just got the S&P f uh S&P global uh final read for September, and we also got the uh PMI final read from the ISMS. And uh we have two main canaries that we've been talking about on the channel and a lot of people get a little confused when I talk about these canaries because you know they wonder is it really these two and the answer is yes. So we are certainly seeing an insane boom in artificial intelligence
spending right now. There's no question of that. In fact we have the technology sector accelerating its growth to its fastest pace in over 5 years. We're basically comparing to 2021, which is kind of crazy because if we're comparing to 2021, we're comparing to like boom time and we're saying we're going the fastest since then, which everything between then and now has been getting crushed by the growth the economy is seeing right now. A lot of it because of artificial intelligence spend and what's becoming more and more ubiquitous use. People and businesses not using AI are really getting left behind. That leaves us with two main canaries. The one canary in the coal mine that does not change its color or its style or anything is the labor market. The labor market's ability to absorb layoffs and sort of the rejiggering is what keeps all of this boom going. The labor market rolls over, we're
all cooked. The economy falls off a cliff. So, this is why paying attention to what's going on in the labor market is very important. Fortunately, if we look at a three and six-month trend of both the ADP private payrolls report, which is sort of our fact check on the government data, and the 3 to sixmonth trend on the government data, we can actually see the economyy's kind of picking up when it comes to employment. I mean, look at Nick T's posts on X. You've got right here the three and six month payrolls growth levels plus private sector payrolls growth. We've kind of hit this floor in 2025 during that immigration era. A lot of nervousness that labor was going to go pretty negative here and we've really rebounded off of this. As long as we don't plummet off this cliff, something starts reversing course over here. The labor canary is doing good for now, which is great. It lets us stay bullish
on the economy. And we're seeing this here in the ISM reports that came out this morning, filling positions that have been vacated due to promotions or retiring. That's still happening. We've got employment returning to expansion in September and we've got restructuring due to efficiency gains using AI. So the fact that you have restructuring going on, it's still employment gains. So far so good. And the second canary is what I call the underwriters of the AI trade. That's currently opening. Those could be different in the future. You might swap out who underwrites the purchases of AMD chips and Nvidia chips via either NBIS or Coreweave or SpaceX or you know whatever it doesn't really matter through Microsoft right it doesn't matter so much who the underlying is it matters who the end user is and the end user right now is or buyer is open AI anthropic on behalf of you and businesses so the
end user of those chips core canary in the coal mine now good news is in two or three years. Those might be hot swappable. You know, there could be a new company. I don't know. It could be reinvest and it takes over from OpenAI and Anthropic, whatever. Point is, it could be a different company. And the benefit of that is that canary can evolve. The labor market can't. So, watching both of those is the most important factor going forward. But, I mean, Microsoft is a fantastic play as well. We have a uh price target that we've been talking about for quite a while uh in our course member live streams of 562 for Microsoft. I encourage you to join us there. Join us at meetke.com. With that, you pay once you get lifetime access to everything. Uh and so Microsoft has been been crushing it and I think they're quietly breaking out. People aren't paying attention to that breakout that's coming for
Microsoft. But consider some of these notes here and then we need to look at some of the more maybe concerning or dare we say the more nervous pieces about the acceleration that's cooking in yields. But if we go to this S&P here, we can see there's a sharp upturn that we're seeing in the technology sector. All seven US sectors posted expansion of business activity during September. The majority saw stronger growth than in August. Technology was by far the best performing category at 62.7 in September, up from 56.6 in August. The sharpest rate of business activity expansion since June of 2021. September data also indicated the steepest rise in input prices. Now, that's unfortunate. That obviously weighs on what we're seeing with Treasury yields, which Treasury yields in fairness right now at about 5.32. It's about five basis points above sort of my ideal like ah this is where we should really
stop going up because you're eventually going to break something. And that's exactly why you've got academy securities nervous. Not only is it this yield getting back to uh or the spread between the twos and the 10 getting back to 50 which is shock territory. She doesn't necessarily guarantee you're going to get a shock. Right? We sat over 50 from liberation day through basically the end of the well the original ceasefire you were above sha sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh shock territory. So it doesn't necessarily guarantee you're going to have a shock, but it does indicate that the risks are higher. And that's where Academy Securities gives us a little bit of color where they actually towards the end of their article, they argue that look, a deal with Iran and more news on AI, all that can help. Duh. We already know Kevin's bullish on a deal
with Iran. That's bullish for the market. The market, you know, the market's going to go up and people are going to go look back at this market and they're going to say, "Wait, how did it just go from 700 to 800 on the cues? It's going to happen in like a blink of an eye." It's the same thing with Nvidia. You know, I've been bullish this uh 227 breakout on Nvidia and it's now at 237. We are starting the very breakout we have been calling for, baby. At the same time, even Marll has been breaking out of our 266 line that we've been watching pretty heavily. So, with that said, they do say calmly nervous, not scared. Now, why are they nervous? Because they're nervous due to this widening that we're seeing in higher yield credit. Now, we've talked about this last week as well. A lot of people have been talking about these spreads widening. And when you zoom out, they're not horrible in the context
of themselves. When we zoom out on the high yield spreads, yes, they have widened, which is a risk for the economy. Are they higher relative to what we saw in 2022, for example? No. But one of the reasons they're spreading or things are even worse now, if you will, is because that nominal yield on the 10-year Treasury is so damn high and the market is just blatantly ignoring it. This is what makes this individual nervous and I think rightfully so. And they give us a little bit of color into where they think retail is buying versus where the suits are not paying attention. So, I'm going to show you that in just a moment. I think that's quite interesting. But a lot of people ask me, hey, when this nonsense happens, we touched on this also this morning in our course member liveream. I'll just make a quick little note on this. Uh people often say like Kevin, you know, how how do you allocate
in this? Like how do you hedge if you have a little pie that you invest into stocks? How do you hedge yourself against some kind of panic? And so my thesis is that what you do is sort of like a little electrical circuit. You take money that you earn and you have this little resistor and the resistor limits how much money you throw into the stock market. I think the allocation is the way that you hedge. In other words, you could be a really big bull on your stock portfolio, but maybe out of every $100 of investable capital you have, you're only putting, you know, maybe 30% into this. And then maybe you're putting some into private equity, some into real estate, some into debt payoff, some into cash, right? And so this is really a way that you could hedge. All of these become a hedge to the stock market. It's not saying stocks are bad. You could be bullish on stocks. I mean, heck, we are. This
is why we've been buying the dip and and sending out trade alerts at 700 on the cues going, "No, man. This is bull crap. This is peak fear." And people still I I'll see the comments. People like, "But Kevin, I thought you said peak fear was 3 weeks ago." I go, "Look at the cues 3 weeks ago." It just made us straight up from there. But anyway, uh look at this. This is the uh 10 year. And what they were talking about here is this acceleration is being ignored by the stock market and it creates risks. Right? The slope of the line was already aggressive over here, also aggressive here, but the slope has gone nuts over here. That increase in the slope creates a lot of potential risk for the economy. Hence us being at this this sort of shock territory. Uh now an interesting note that they say is they say there are no treasury bears. Like anytime you talk to people they're not bearish on treasuries.
In fact they say that retail is probably early and beating the pros again by throwing inflows like crazy into TLT. TLT has received the largest inflows and it's now at the highest level since late 2024. Now TLT is really interesting because it's now losing my bottom line over here. You can see the last time this happened was in October and November of 2023 and we usually tend to bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce right uh off of this 7877 line. We're under that right now. This author argues that retail is early at buying the dip on bonds, but also says there are no bond bears. Like people are either neutral or bullish on bond yields. So why are are are bonds losing value? Why are yields going up? Well, he says because of the following. The price of oil is bearish for bonds. The deficit is bearish for bonds. Long-term treasuries uh issuance is bearish for bonds. the global supply, so
every country's issuance of bonds is bearish. Corporate supply, uh, so how much, you know, SpaceX has to suck money or Google has to suck money. That's also bearish. Google just did a preferred. Maybe you didn't hear about it, but it's worth knowing. Google just did a preferred. they raised, I think it was at a 6.5% preferred uh stock deal where you earn 6 and a half% between now and the summer of 2029. So basically they pay you six and a half% a year for three years and then that either gets uh I'm I'm sure if it's mandatory convertible. I'd have to look. But basically it it converts into Google stock at like $440 or something like that. Now I personally think that's a bad deal. Uh and you should look up the details yourself. I personally think it's a bad deal because it converts at a premium and Google's at like $340 right now, [laughter] you know. So you're build you're already building
in a lot of upside. I think that deal would have been a lot more fair if they ran it at it's 6 12% for 3 years, but we're giving you the option to get in basically at the stock at 340 bucks or 360 bucks, you know, somewhere over here. Not such a massive premium, but whatever. That's just an example more sucking. and the fact that countries like Saudi Arabia or if you include what I said, Japan uh and Europe selling US treasuries, you've got a lot of people basically getting rid of treasuries because they need to raise money themselves, not because they're bearish on a 5.3% 10-year Treasury yield. It's just because they have other needs. They got to fund the AI buildout, whatever. So in other words, they argue that right now is a time to be maybe cautious slash nervous but not fearful. And I think that really kind of puts together how this market feels because people are so nervous about this
economy and yet the economy keeps impressing to the upside. And if we look at the copper to gold ratio, this is basically uh take the rising price of copper which has been performing very well. It's an industrial metal and compare it to gold. Uh and uh typically uh what well first of all we can pinpoint over here that the bottom was basically when wash was chosen which is really interesting because even if you hold copper stable and gold prices come down gold is a fear metal. So as fear in that case goes down this chart goes up. So you could say that oh this chart is getting higher which you know if gold goes down and then copper goes up as well that spread widens so the chart goes up even more. Generally you say as the chart goes up the economy feels more bullish but it's been coming after this plummeting of the chart which was really gold rising. So uh because copper has been been doing
very decently the past few years. So, let's chart that out like this and it's going to make a little bit more sense here. Okay. So, this downtrend right here has pretty much been driven by gold rising. Okay, so this would be gold rising. Uh now if we look at the trend over here on the right, gold stopped here due to WH. Remember on January 30th I predicted that the top was in for gold because Kevin Walsh is not a money printer fed chair. That's bad for a future recession. And it's also bearish gold. I think gold is going to be in an eight-year bare market because Kevin Walsh is at the helm of the Fed. So that's me taking my studying from the Fed and applying it to gold. Now this section that we're getting right here is actually being this sort of uptrend right here. This is not driven much by gold in my opinion or as much by gold. I think this is being driven driven by copper and driven by
the economy. So basically economic boom. Now you could explain this chart however but I think this helps putting perspective on why this chart is moving like this. And what we're finding is we're actually now reversing a 5-year downtrend in the copper to gold ratio. And it's possible if the economy keeps booming like this line could actually be substantially higher in the future. Z even if gold just stays stable, copper could keep moving. Uh okay. And if copper stops moving, gold can fall. E either way, the the spread is often a bar barometer of the economy. And my take is that the spread continues to widen e in spite of the fears regarding the treasury market. So going back for a moment on the underlying economy, the underlying economy on S&P data that we got this morning indicates that industrials are outperforming, consumer services maintained a strong bis maintain strong business activities
uh activity and even financials which came down and saw a loss of their growth momentum are still expanding faster than they did in the first half of the year. So in other words, even where things are not doing as well are still doing very well. Healthcare was the weakest sector though they did admit. So all of this together does suggest an economy that's booming on AI spend and we do have these two real risks. Could we incorporate a credit crisis into this? It's possible. I mean I always think like I say you want to sort of the way you hedge is you allocate to different things outside of the stock market. But I think trying to hedge for that black swan is a really complicated thing to do and you'll probably get the timing wrong. So this is why I prefer the two canaries for determining what issues we have in the economy. As long as these two canaries are kicking butt, which both of them are,
then we should be bullish stocks. And that's what we're seeing. That's why I think we continue to drive uh all-time highs on the cues. And as you know, maybe unpopular as an opinion as it is, you know, I think the rise in Meta, uh, the rise in Microsoft, the NASDAQ 100, Nvidia, all this stuff is just at the beginning. Well, I shouldn't say the beginning, but it's still ahead of the big euphoria to come, which to me is very exciting. Uh and if you want to see exactly, you know, what trades we're making, how we're positioning our uh research uh platform that's [music] coming later this year, the reinvest terminal, you want to be part of that before we get rid of lifetime [music] access. You can lock that in uh before the end of the year. And then, of course, we'll have price increases uh coming between now and the end of the year, so you'll still have the best price [music] if you join today
versus later the year. But anyway, check that out over at meetke.com. I think it's a really great product and [music] what we're building is really, really exciting. So, we'd love to have you as part of it. If you like that video, check this one out. I think you're going to love it. >> Why not advertise these [music] things that you told us here? I feel like nobody else knows about this. >> We'll we'll try a little advertising and see how it goes. >> Congratulations, man. You have done so much. People love you. People look up to >> Kevin Praath there, financial analyst [music] and YouTuber. Meet Kevin. Always great to get your take.