My thesis is that crypto has been in a bare market. I think that now we are going into crypto's first real bull market. It's the world's biggest casino having a baby with the world's biggest social network. I said all asset markets will be 24/7 365. It'll be 100 billion agents trading at a frequency that you can't even imagine. It was like it was built for the machines. >> I think we now have the most exciting opportunity in the world. Token 2049 Singapore, the world's largest crypto event, returns to Marina Bay [music] Sands on the 7th of 8th of October. On stage will be myself, Jeff Yan from Hyperlquid, Shane Copam from Poly Market, [music] and the Real Vision community gets 10% off tickets. Claim yours using the link below. See you there. So, quickly before we get to today's show, this episode is brought to you by Pith. Piff Network is the fastest growing financial data [music] company
today. Trusted by Fidelity Investments, the US Department of Commerce, Revolute, Calshi, [music] Jane Street, Coinbase, and many more. They provide realtime financial market data across over 3,000 equities, [music] commodities, crypto, FX rates, and again a lot more. They're the first and largest provider of 24/7 financial indices and offer the widest array of market data for the lowest cost. So go to pith.network network to take advantage of their free trial. >> Join me, Ral Pal, as I go on a journey of discovery through the macro, crypto, and exponential age landscapes. In the journey, man, I talk to the smartest people in the world so we can all become smarter [music] together. Ram, good to see you, my friend. >> Nice to see you again, Ral. >> I know. I was just I was just with you the other way round yesterday and uh and then we got you here today. It's been a while since you've been
on. >> You had a you had a great chat yesterday. It really inspired me. I actually made a show about our chat yesterday before I release the actual show of the chat. >> So there's no pressure on you now. You you've got to be interesting, charming, good-looking, all the things that I did for you. You have to now do that for me. >> You know, it's so funny because we clip all our shows and we try and find the best clippable moments for every show. So, usually I get the clips file for a normal guest. I get the clip file and it's like, you know, five or six clips. I got your clip file today. Well, it's like 40 videos. It's like 40 little clips of these. And each one of them is a pearler. Each one of them like I listen to till the end and I listen to till the end. >> It's not going to get me into trouble though, is it? >> No, not this time around. We're not late enough in the bull market to get
into trouble. It's It's still early. >> That's [laughter] true. That's true. It's like the psychology of these markets is ridiculous. How do you deal with it? Because having the audience, I mean, personally, we, you know, we're sort of used to it now. We've all gone through the ups and downs as we talked about last time you were on, but it's it's just like taking a whole audience's emotions on your shoulders is not easy. >> So, you got to have a a really really thick skin and you got to have a lot of conviction in your thesis. In the first cycle, I took it really personally, but I also did like some slightly I would say less than responsible things. So things that are completely normal for a normal person. Um if you're in the public eye are seen to be irresponsible like you say, "Hey, I'm buying this." And the truth is you are buying it. But the fact that you don't say, "Hey, I'm buying a
little bit of this or I'm buying this as part of a balanced portfolio or something like that." So you learn to be a little bit more responsible. And then um you also learn not to give a [ __ ] you you learn that, you know, you have an opinion and you you don't need to be apologetic for your opinion. Um my as long as your opinion is well researched. I think the one thing I've done pretty well over the years is I've learned to have a very wellressearched opinion. So if I if I reflect on my life of what I do every single day, I'm surrounded by a team of researchers and I probably have about 10 of I think amongst the best researchers in crypto and all day long we just research and talk about crypto. We make portfolio moves along the way and then what we do is like every day we switch on the camera and I literally tell people everything that I've learned in the day and what the portfolio moves
that I've made for that day is. So it becomes almost like a reality show >> uh where I teach everything that I've learned every single day and I'm not learning on my own. I'm now learning with a bunch of really incredible people and now there's an added dimension where the really incredible people have got claude and and and chat GPT and that makes the the our level of learning has been absolutely exponential. It's like I cannot believe how dumb we were a year ago and how smart we're getting now. And I I know I know it's just the beginning, but >> do you think we end up with an edge or are we on a hamster wheel of having to do more and more and more? That's kind of I'm not sure about it. I think there is an edge by being an early adopter, >> but everybody has access to this. It's insane. >> So for me, for me, one of the the the ways that I the only way that I know that I have an edge is is
is the the net asset value. So let's just call it the the portfolio size. >> Your P&L is what it is. >> Well, yeah. So I so we have a from for me I index it as a net asset value. Um and when I say net asset value specifically in the crypto world and to be honest the highest point of my net asset value in crypto was in at the end of 2024. It was that peak bull market 2024 and ever since then it's been low and actually to be honest in my opinion we're very very very early in a crypto bull market and my net asset value in crypto is the highest that it's ever been. So it just means that we've selected the correct tokens in in this in this beginning or this or the bare market which now beca became the beginning of the bull market and then I asked myself okay how did we do it so I mean I think the one way we did it is we really have our finger on the pulse uh and we know like we know we know the
patient's heartbeat so we know when when you know when the heartbeat's out of sync we know what it is and we know if that's an opportunity or or danger to get out. I also think that we have a we've had a great thesis for the cycle and I think our thesis is really playing out and then I think to be honest AI tools like we really use a lot of AI tools. A lot of our research is done using AI tools and we can you know because of that we can find we can find runners. I'll give you like one very simple example. When Robin Hood chain launched we ran a whole lot of AI models to tell us which who could benefit and who could lose. Like just very basic things of like who could benefit and who could lose. And we found one sitting one sitting duck which was arbitum. Arbitum for those people who don't know is the technology that Robin Hood chain is built with. And they get 10% of Robin Hood's revenue.
And using AI we kind of picked up what their revenues would be and we translated that back into a buyback program and then a price and we we had a lot of conviction in that trade. Now without AI to be honest I think there's probably a 10% chance we would have picked up that trade. with AI, it became like a really obvious trade because we knew exactly what we were looking for. We knew what the prompt was. We gave it a universe of things to check and and you know, and that gave us uh that gave us an unfair advantage. So I think that AI, if you're not using AI today in in the crypto environment to do your research, then I think to be honest, I think you're falling really far behind. So I'm going to go through this in detail but let's because I think this is really interesting for people but let's start at the top is what is your thesis? What is my thesis? So my thesis is that uh crypto has been
in a bare market. Um I'm not sure what the cause of the bare market was but it doesn't really matter what the cause of the bare market was. I think that now we're going into crypto's first real bull market. Now, I know people may say, well, how can you say that 2017 was a bull market and 2021 was a bull market? Actually, I don't think they were. Um, I think calling 2021 a bull market is the same as calling uh 1998, 1999 a bull market for internet stocks. And to be honest, I don't really think that you can call that a bull market for internet stocks because there was not a single internet stock actually being used. There was no real use cases for the internet. It was just a bull market on the promise of big things to come. And I think that if you think about crypto, we've had a bull market in 2017. Um, in fact, I think I think if we if we go I think the best way to look at this is to actually
call up a chart or to to to call up a few charts. And actually, let me call up one or two charts just to to paint it for you. So, for me, the the charts just tell a story, right? So, I mean, that's the Bitcoin chart. Everybody knows the Bitcoin chart. You know, you had 2017 bull market, then you had a long bare market, then you had um uh 2021, you had the bull market, then you had a bare market, and then you had this last bull market, and now we've just had a bare market, and it looks like we're out of the bare market, and we're going into a bull market on Bitcoin. I think Bitcoin's relatively exciting to be honest. I think, you know, when you think about the debasement trade and all the macro stuff, I think Bitcoin's, yeah, it's relatively exciting, but to be honest, I think this is crypto's first real uh bull market. Now, I'll show it to you in two in two different charts, and I think you'll
really understand these charts, right? So, the first chart is um is this chart over here, which is the ETH BTC chart. So this is the this is the chart of Ethereum versus Bitcoin and I think it tells a story and I think let's use Ethereum as a proxy for all major >> I can't believe you don't use log charts. This is driving me >> I do I actually I actually do but for this but for this let me >> I use the log chart on this. >> Yeah. So for me this is this is ETH BTC. >> Yeah. Um, for all intents and purposes, let's call this all use cases for crypto that are not stable store of value money. So, all let's just call this a proxy for all all use crypto. >> All smart contracts. >> Yeah. All use cases because that's really all the use cases for crypto, right? >> Yeah. >> So, what we can see is we launched in 2016 2017. We had the whole ICO boom that failed because that use case wasn't a real use
case at the time. We had another big push in 2020 2021 which was the DeFi summer and again that was rejected and went down because it wasn't a real use case. It was too slow, too expensive. The yield wasn't actually real yield. It wasn't sustainable yield. So that that market actually collapsed. And then you kind of look at this and you say 9 years later, 9 years after the first use case of blockchain was created other other than smart money which was smart contracts, we've had a little bit of a breakout in this chart. This is on the ETHBTC chart. Now, what does that tell you? It means that after 9 years, there's a product market fit that actually makes this chart break out or there are multiple product market fits that actually make this chart actually break out. Right? So, for 9 years, we didn't actually have a use case. We we experimented, we rejected, we had a second experiment that was
rejected, and now finally we're breaking out. The next chart that I look at is this chart over here. And this chart over here is others versus B. Quite funny. I look at all of these charts myself. This is exactly what I'm doing. >> Yeah. So, so this is exactly this is exactly what what I'm looking at. Others against um BTCUSD, which is So that's the chart. This is the top altcoins. And I actually want to make this chart smaller because this is where the whole thesis actually comes together. Right. So, >> and you're still not using a log chart. I mean, you're such a rebel. You're such >> Okay. So, others the top old coins excluding uh the top 10. So this is a smaller altcoins against BTC again. 2017 massive move up rejected no real use case ICOs uh let's call it shitcoins etc etc rejected 2021 DeFi DeFi summer decentralized finance the whole application again rejected but ultimately if you
look at it against Bitcoin there's an upward trend and that upward trend basically says the use case of this technology all other uses except for Bitcoin is getting slightly better against Bitcoin Okay, now let's follow both of these charts because I think this is where the story actually comes together. And this is you ask me about my thesis. My first thesis is that this bull market is going to be led by altcoins. So yeah, Bitcoin is exciting. Maybe it'll do a 2x. Maybe it'll do a 3x. Maybe it'll get to 250. Maybe it'll get to 360. Who knows? And to be honest, who actually cares? My big thesis is that after 9 years, the ETH chart has had a breakout at the exact same time when the other altcoins against BTC is bouncing off a trend line and starting to move up. Now, let's just say hypothetically that we follow this pattern over here and we hypothetically we go like this and we say that this
chart does this and I don't know whatever it does along the way and eventually we find ourselves over here. Okay, that's pretty much how I see this this cycle playing out. Okay. And now it's not really that different from any other cycle. If you look at that cycle, what the altcoins did against Bitcoin was a 9x return against Bitcoin. If you look at this chart over here, at this cycle over here, they did about a a se 6x. And if you kind of take it from here to here, it's about a 6x. So it's not like abnormal, but the numbers are are much bigger. So then you say to yourself, hold on a second. What would cause this to happen? What would cause the altcoins to outperform Bitcoin by such a big by by 6x on such a big number? And it actually comes from this chart over here. And what this chart is telling you is that crypto after 9 years has found product market fit. And I think that there's two
places where crypto has found product market fit. One is exciting and the other one is I mean much bigger than exciting. It's something we can't comprehend. So I think maybe let's start off with with the the use case that's actually exciting, right? Um I think the use case that's actually exciting is the first breakout here and that is the tokenization of everything. So yeah, everything is getting tokenized. Stocks, bonds, commodities, everything is getting tokenized getting put onto chain and that's relatively exciting. Yeah, because that in in the end, you know, we built excess capacity of block space and now finally we're going to fill that block space with a lot of stuff. >> So I think that when I when I joined crypto and I joined crypto in 2014, I think crypto was a solution without a problem. And the the reason why I say that is because it was always like why do you need a token for
that? The the big question when when I came into crypto was you don't need a token for that. you don't need and everything we said was you don't need a token for that and everyone like said like like treated tokens if they were a bad thing today I think as you wrote in one of your uh essays everything is going to be a token because it's a single use case a single use case token so we're now tokenizing everything and putting everything onto chain and everything becomes tradable so computing power all of a sudden becomes tradable um uh uh assets stocks become tradable commodities ities become tradable and they all become tradable on chain. But the one use case that crypto has found which I don't think anybody realizes yet is a combination of two things. It's the world's biggest casino having a baby with the world's biggest social network. So imagine, I don't know, the world's biggest social
network, Instagram, Twitter, having a baby with the world's biggest casino. Okay, that's the first use case that that crypto has found. Why? If you think about why um why people go to the casino, the casino is a cheap dopamine rush. You go there in your head, you pretend that you know the reason why you're drawing an extra card. When you draw the extra card and it's a low card, which is exactly the card you wanted. In your head, you justify that you had a thesis and you had a formula and that you were right and therefore you're a genius and that gives you a dopamine hit. So now the formula to get dopamine is actually quite a simple formula. You have to have a motivation. You have to do work. The work has to yield a result and then you have to get some kind of gratification. And when that happens, you get a dopamine hit. So now if you think about what dopamine is, dopamine is probably one
of the world's most powerful drug hormones. So it's the self- validation hormone. It's the one that tells you you're a genius and you're right. And that's the the the first. So we go to the casino. We we we're geniuses because we knew exactly which card to you walk out of the euphoric. The reason why you walk out of the euphoric is you're so full of dopamine because you've done the work. You've put in you've put in the work. Your work is right. You've got self validation. It's it's incredible. Social media networks have exactly the same dopamine loop, right? The reason why we like social media, we tweet something, we've done the work, we think about it, we do the work, we tweet, and then we just watch the likes go up. And that's the validation. Okay, so that's great. There's no bigger validation though than actually making money. So when the P&L goes live and everybody sees your P&L going
live, very important, your P&L goes up and everybody sees your P&L go up. It's like it's almost like your Twitter like counter was your selfworth net worth calculator. So what has crypto created? It's created a world where you can trade almost anything. When you trade it, not only do you get social validation because most transactions are transparent and people can see exactly what you're doing, which is why apps like Pump Fun and FOMO are having such big success, but also you keep getting this dopamine hit because not only are you making money and getting external validation, you're getting the money validation as well. Now, which social network today has a validation which is not only likes but actual net worth, actual personal scoreboard, right? It doesn't exist. Now, what crypto has created, it's created the ultimate social network for trading, which has never been a available before,
right? It's there's never we didn't have the the rails or the infrastructure for the social media, the social networking. It's the most addictive thing in the world. And I believe that most trading that is not going to be done by AI agents is actually going to be some kind of social trading. And I think if you look at apps like FOMO and Pump Fund, they've got the F V1 of that. >> And prediction markets will feed into this as well. >> It's a formula. You've got to do it's not about guessing. You've got to do work so you can justify to yourself why you're a genius. You've got to get a scoreboard, right? You got to and then you got to get self validation. So the validation if it comes from the outside is a So how did I how did I stumble onto this? in one of the bull markets. I went on vacation and I went from being in a crypto bull market to having to spend having to spend time with my family
in a holiday type environment and the problem is that nothing was happening on the markets. It was a very quiet period on the market and what I found was so so what did I do? I got really bored and then I started to learn a new language. I started learning Arabic for what? Okay. And then I realized that what my body was craving, it was craving the the motivation, achievement, reward, right? And so I went and learned a new language on vacation cuz I was I was starved of dopamine. And then I stumbled onto what's going on with us here in crypto. Most the reason why we're in crypto is actually because we do research, number goes up, we feel like we're geniuses. It's it's a drug. It's a hormone. It's a drag. That's It's a >> And also, just so people are aware, the reason why you also pick up on this stuff is your background was advertising. And correct. Advertising is >> is behavior. >> Yeah.
Exactly. So, I used I used to do this for a living. I used to monitor why people make purchase decisions. >> And I stumbled on crypto. The biggest use case in crypto is is um is validation and reward. And with crypto, the reward the validation is transparent and the reward is is monetary. There's likes are great for social credibility, but it's it's it's ethereal. It's not >> If you got if if your like meant a dollar, it would be worth >> Correct. >> It would be good. >> Correct. And now it does. And now it does. If you look at apps like FOMO and Pump Fun and whatever it is, they're the most addictive things in the world, right? Because >> I'm going to ask you the obvious question. Is is this a good thing? >> I think that yes, I think it's it's a very good thing. I think trading is going to become a lot more transparent and it's going to become a lot more addictive. So if you think that that
trading is addictive now, >> but 85% of all retail traders lose money. >> Yeah. But I mean yes, you can say that you can say that but you can say the same thing. You can say the same thing in a stock market, right? In a bull market, everyone makes money. In a bare in the they don't last the bare market, right? But I think that I think that all trading is going to start all human trading is going to become social trading in some shape or form. So because it's going to become more transp everything everything's going to be on chain. Therefore everything's going to be more transparent. The results are going to be published almost real time which they're not currently published almost real time. They published in quarters. It's not going to be live yet anymore. It's going to be it's going to be if you think of what FOMO app is today which is probably the biggest dopamine engine I've ever seen.
That's I think what what human trading is going to be like. So the first use case for crypto in my opinion is tokenization of everything. trading of everything 247 by humans, but at the same time giving them this magic combination of a casino and a social network, which we've never had before. We've never ever ever had before. It's >> Yeah, we have on the Real Vision platform a very similar idea where you post your trade ideas, people can vote on them, you see the P&L, how it works, leaderboards, all of that stuff, and it works well. >> Actually, I got to show you this. I got to show you this because I'm not sure that a lot of your viewers have seen it because it's very, very, very DGEN. Um, but let me actually uh >> which one's this? FOMO. >> FOMO. I don't know if if people actually have seen the FOMO interface. >> Yeah, I've not used I've not used it actually. I've heard a lot about it,
but I haven't used it because I just don't short-term trade. So, but it's interesting to me. >> The it is the most addictive thing that you've ever seen in your life. The the amount of dopamine that these guys have have engineered is it's it's >> behind it. >> Uh, I actually interviewed them. It's uh they were six people until not so long ago. Look, I'm not doing a shill for their product because, you know, let them do the shill for their product. That is FOMO. And I just want to show you how this thing is engineered for dopamine. Every single one of those badges is when people have bought. Okay. So, you know, on every token, >> we have exactly the same on Real Vision, by the way. >> You have a leaderboard. >> And where people buy it. We've got the same on Real Vision. >> Yeah. So, there's a leaderboard here of of who's made Avi Felman's made $383,000 today or whatever else. Um, for every
token you can see who the big buyers are. Uh, for this person, you can see exactly what his entire portfolio looks like. So, it's completely transparent and it is a dopamine machine. The alerts, the feed cannot, it's much more addictive on an app. It's made for to be app first, not desktop first. But there's a feed here of every trade that's get taken by big people, by small people, etc., etc. It's the ultimate dopamine machine. Now, what I think is going to happen is ultimately most trading is going to be a derivative of that platform and it's going to be about dop it's going to be a social network/investment casino um which is going to be the ultimate dopamine machine and we're going to be able to trade anything you want 24/7 in 365 and you can only do that uh glo globally you can only do that on blockchain roles. I mean that's that's the first use case that that crypto has found. That
use case in my opinion doesn't take us from here all the way to to here. And I mean just to give you an idea, a quantum here of the numbers here. If Bitcoin goes to 4 trillion and this goes seven times, we're talking about a $32 trillion market cap, which is about I mean, I'm not sure what the market cap is today, but you're talking about a 10 times bigger market cap than we currently have, right? So, how do we get the market cap to be 10 times bigger than it currently is? And then that's when we go into the universe which I believe is not even humans. It's it's the AI agent narrative and I think we've spent a lot of time actually discussing it. Funny enough, um I want to show you something. It's it's a discussion that I've had for so long. But in the bare market, I was really struggling to make content. I was I was dying. I got to be honest. It was a very very very brutal bare market specifically
for people like us who I mean I make a daily show and I just want to show you just quickly. I mean, you you know this, but I think maybe the audience aren't as as aware of of, you know, as a content creator, specifically what I do, I make daily shows. I make them five or six days a week. And if you look at what happened in this bare market, it was it was a really demotivating bare market. From the from 10:10, it was just down and down and down. It was bad news after bad news after bad news, which is great. But then we had a period from February >> of nothing >> to August where Bitcoin was in a range of between 60 and 70,000. Nothing happened. And we were making content every single day. And when I got to about here, which is the end of July, I got to break point where I gave up. No, I didn't give up. I was going to give up on the It's the closest I've ever been to giving up on crypto. When
I say giving up, holding my investments and not making my whole life about crypto. And then at that point, and I'm talking about like this was probably the low point of my career. This is like the I'd been battered all the way down here. My community had been battered. People hated crypto. People hated us because we were in crypto. The stock market to make it worse, the stock markets were running. >> Yeah. >> This this bare market was extremely bad because the stock markets were giving people outsiz returns. Um no, they're giving them AI type returns. the Cosby was doing 5xes and crypto was going down and down and down and down and down and exactly at this point which I think was probably the lowest point that I've been in crypto. I actually tweeted this and I said here's what I don't think you're seeing and it was more me tweeting to myself. >> Yeah. >> I said all asset markets will be 24/7
365. All markets will be settled immediately on chain. Humans won't be trading them. Instead, it'll be 100 billion agents trading at a frequency that you can't even imagine. and all those fees will be captured by crypto protocols. And that tweet pretty much kept me kept me in crypto. Like that tweet and the thinking behind that tweet kept me going right through to to pretty much where we are today. For me, >> I was the same at that point. I would just zoom out and say what's actually happening here. Every bank, every financial institution has said they're going to move on chain. Stable coins have been shield by the Treasury Secretary of the United States saying it's going to be a three trillion dollar market. And here's us lot going, "Oh, crypto is going to be awful." I'm like, it same as you is that the outcome has to be asymmetric from here. Wildly asymmetric. >> Sometimes though, because
you're so close to the wood and I was very close to the wood every day. You know, the problem is that when you're doing a daily show, when you're watching a market daily, the move between 64 and 65,000 becomes a story and the move between 65 and 66 becomes a story, right? Because we're so close to the wood. Most people look at 60,000 and then they log back in at 70,000 and then to them it makes a whole lot more sense. But sometimes we're very, very close, which is an advantage and a disadvantage. Anyway, now the thesis is is clearer than ever. And you know, you ask me what my thesis is. I think it's maybe coincidental that today the Black Rockck report came out and in that Black Rockck report they basically confirmed I think my thesis and your thesis. So for me the thesis is that up until now the NASDAQ has had a run and when I say the NASDAQ the NASDAQ being a proxy for everything that's
AI. >> Yeah. >> And that run has been everyone building infrastructure for what they believe will be AI. Right. So you got, you know, you got the data centers, you've got the chip companies, you've got the energy companies, you've got whatever it is. And that NASDAQ run has pretty much been everybody building the infrastructure for AI. Great. So we've built the infrastructure, we've got the Frontier Labs, and what is this whole thing about AI? AI is a bunch of agents. That's what it is. Like everyone when they talk about building out a the infrastructure for AI, they're building the infrastructure for a bunch of agents. Fantastic. That's what drove the NASDAQ vertically. That's what drove the Cosby vertical. That's what drove world markets vertical. Great. They built the infrastructure for AI. They built the infrastructure for a bunch of agents. So that the agents could do what? So that the
agents could transact. Great. So they built the infrastructure so you could have all these agents who eventually transact. And I kept asking myself who is going to be the benefactor of the transactions and I tried to con I mean I convinced myself that it was blockchain why because agents are going to meet on the internet wherever they meet they meet in I don't know I don't even what you call it and they transact and their transactions have to be they trustless because they don't my agent and your agent don't know who the owner of the agent is. It's got to be immediate settlement because if I want to make an API call, you've got to let me call that API, get the data, and pay you absolutely immediately. It's got to be so it's got to be trustless and it's got to be immediate. Um, and I kept saying to myself that the only way that I can see this happening is blockchain rails. But I kept asking
wherever I went, wherever I went, I kept asking people, how are these transactions going to happen? Because I needed someone to say to me, it's not going to happen on block on blockchain rails. Even like last week when I was in New York, I went to one of the big summits and I asked people, I said I asked one of the big developers, I said, "Please tell me my thesis is wrong. Tell me that these AI agents aren't going to use blockchain rails to conduct all their transactions." And he says, "They're not." And I said, "Well, what are they going to use?" And he says, "Well, what do you kids use when they do transactions and you got to set limits for them and they're not allowed to go on certain websites? You give them a prepaid debit card." And he says one thesis is that AI agents will use some kind of prepaid debit card with limitations where they are allowed to spend and not allowed to spend
and stuff like that. And when he said that he said prepaid debit card and I just thought no just a bunch of smart contracts about where an agent can spend and can't spend and what the parameters >> and a wallet pre-loaded >> and a wallet and a wallet and some kind of proof of identity if or or or credit score if required. And then I started to do research into the number of agents. I was like, "Okay, well, how big is the workforce in the world today?" So the workforce in the world today is 3.3 billion somewhere around there. Let's just call it for round numbers. They reckon there's going to be I mean I think I saw a number earlier today. I don't know if it's how accurate it is, but it says here there's going to be 1 billion transacting deployed agents by 2029. And >> I would take the over on that number. >> 10 times. I would take the over. >> But hold on. Get this. They're going to be executing
roughly 217 billion transactions a day. Okay. So, take the over, take the under. I would take the over on it 100 times. >> Well, we've just seen that Meta Muse thing and they integrate it immediately with Shopify, um, with PayPal, with everybody. It's like, okay. >> Yeah. And so, what are these agents going to be doing? agents today we today we know agents as I give you a question you give me an answer I give you a task you give me the solution but the new economy is actually every agent interacting and paying each paying each other a minuscule minuscule fee for the service what's a service maybe it's an API call maybe it's a data call maybe it's maybe it's something we don't we haven't even been able to work out yet but it's little microtransactions and as this says 217 billion of them per day right now. Again, I've challenged myself a million times to try and come up with who the custodian
that is going to be. And this morning, Black Rockck published a report and they basically confirmed what I've been suspecting where they basically said to actually quote them. They said something here which which I think was this is the buzz line here. They said at the core of this convergence, AI and digital assets both arise from common foundations. Um so they go to they they say the rise of agentic AI and machine toachine payments will likely increase demand for blockchain rails. Existing rails such as a and card network support substantial automation although the onboarding requirements and settlement economics make them less suited to always on low value transaction requiring programmable execution. Basically in that line what they said out with the old financial system and in with with blockchain. And that was like for me the cherry on top where I made the show I actually made the show
today and I was like I've been waiting for confirmation of my thesis. I've known the thesis is right. Everyone's been telling me that the thesis is right but when you read a report like that and Black Rockck basically confirmed exactly what you've said. I think we now have the biggest the most exciting opportunity in the world. And I actually woke up this morning. I said like I I tweeted I said we we we're in the most exciting opportunity in the world. And again I'll show it to you with a chart and this is a really basic chart but it's just showing you the purple line is is AI returns. So AIQ returns the the uh the other two lines are crypto returns you know and they diverged on on 1010. This was the infrastructure for all the agents that eventually are going to do payments using these rails. So up until now you can say the infrastructure has been built for all these agents. the frontier
models are building. You know, if you've used Grockbot, I think Grockbot is probably the best representation because I've got like 10 10 bots inside my Grockbot. I mean, on on on my on my I've got like 10 10 agents doing stuff and I know that they're going to transact. And so, the infrastructure that was built with this chart is was made for the transactions that are going to be that are going to take place on these charts. And then from that point on it just becomes I know for you it's a very very broad selection. So for you I know it's a you just want to own the very broad rails but for me it actually goes into which altcoins are going to benefit the most. I want to get into that process. So you've laid out your thesis which I completely agree with. I wrote my whole agent thesis about a year ago about all of this. Um and it's it became so [ __ ] obvious that this is almost the purpose of
blockchains. It was like it was built for the machines. >> Exactly. >> So you see that we see the whole financial system coming on board. We see this rise of speculation. We see the rise of prediction markets. We haven't even started with identity. We haven't even done any of the web 3 stuff yet that still is going to come on chain in time. So it's like, yeah, I I get that too. I don't think there was a I don't think that this was a full bare market um in terms of the full cycle. I feel like it was a midcycle and that like you I think there's potentially a very very a longer and more dramatic move to come. >> I think you're talking about Bitcoin and for Bitcoin to be honest I mean I don't I say I don't really care. A lot of my wealth is in Bitcoin. I'm very bullish on Bitcoin the asset but you're referring to Bitcoin bull markets and Bitcoin bare markets. I don't think crypto altcoins have
had a market a bull market yet. >> No they haven't because even ETH has been in that bloody triangle that that wedge pattern for five six years now. So I I agree. >> Let's define a bull market not as prices go up. Let's define a bull market as companies and protocols actually make revenue. So I mean you know you can define the 2000 bull market around an internet bull market. In my in my eyes that wasn't a real internet bull market. It was the promise of the internet bull market. And I think with crypto we've had the promise of the of the of the in the promise of the crypto bull market. But I think now we've actually got protocols that are making a million,2 million, $3 million a day in bare markets. And you know, you take like Pump Fun, which is I mean Pump Fun is the most ridiculous protocol to for people to launch memecoins. And they're making between$1 and $5 million a day, depending on
the day. Okay. Now you're starting to talk about crypto protocols that are actually making real money, right? Um Hyperlquid, you know, making it's hard to say, but 5 million a day, 4 million a day, 3 million a day, depending depending on the day. So you finally got real use cases that are actually working in crypto that are generating revenue. And so I think that this is crypto's first real bull market. And again, you can say a bull market, prices going up, but I'm going to I'm saying prices going up, technology being used, revenue actually being generated. That that is for me a bull market. >> What's hilarious is it's almost like a record low for VC investment because everyone gave up on the applications layer and the applications layer's come through. We've had some really big use cases whether it's Poly Market, whether it's FOMO, whether it's Hyperlquid, whether it's, you know, we're seeing
an applications layer being built. Okay, I want to move on to the next bit. So, we've got the the uh the thesis. Now, you talked about the process around the research. So, now you're trying to find the opportunity set within the thesis. So, talk me through how you do that. So, a quick break in your regular programming. If you're serious about your future, grab my free report called Prepare for 2030. I think you've got five years to make as much money as possible. And this guide will help you navigate what's coming. The link is in the description. Download it now. So, first of all, yeah, I I say this is I think where where my investment style and your investment style diverge. Why? Because I'm I'm you're much more macro and you're playing much bigger macro trends and I'm looking for the the the opportunities inside. So the first thing is to me you you got to ask yourself when is a token valuable?
And the answer of when a token is valuable is it's got to have network effects. And for those people who don't know what network effects are even though I'm sure that everybody at at Real Vision must know what network effects are because I think you're probably one of the first people that taught me about network effects. But every user has to add value to the network exponentially. Now tokens become valuable when there is a network and there scarcity. So so the fact that there's a network is great but if there's no if there's a network but no scarcity and tokens can be minted forever and the token supply is growing as fast as a network it doesn't really matter. It only matters when there's scarcity. So the first thing is I look at the first thing is is there a network and again let's talk about hyperlid. Is hyperlquid a network? Yes. Why? Because every user adds liquidity to the network
and therefore the more liquidity you have, the more people are going to trade on that network, right? The quicker you can get in and the quicker you can get out with the least slippage and and um and the the broadest range of positions that is a liquidity is a network. Trading is a network. So the first question becomes then um is it a network? Is the network actually growing? So yes, you could have network style tokconomics, but is the network actually growing? So once it's a network and the network is growing, you say, do they have real revenue? Yes. Great. Then you then you ask one last question. And the last question is, do they have one second last question, do they have a mechanism to transfer the value back to the token holders? If the answer to that is yes, great. But be careful. If the answer to that is no, probably the best token opportunity that you've ever seen. So, let me explain
to you what I mean. There's a network. The network's making revenue and they find and they find a way to reward the users for the value. Everyone knows the value of the network, right? Because all they do is they forecast the rate of growth of users. They forecast the revenue and they forecast how much of the token everyone's going to buy back and burn. Example, Hyperlquid. They buy everyone's now forecast that Hyperlquid is going to buy back and burn three, four, $5 million a day depending on the market forecast. They divide that by the number of tokens in circulation and therefore they get a metric for for for the value of hyperlquid and we'll talk about the metric in a second. If they don't yet have a mechanism to return value to the users currently those are the most undervalued tokens. So in crypto the terminology is do they have a fee switch? FE switch means a switch that returns the
fees back to the users. So right now those are the best opportunities in crypto protocols that are networks growing in users making money but haven't yet determined how they're going to give money back to the users. So if you forecast and you say I believe that they're going to give 50% of their revenue back to the users and you've got a smart way of forecasting how they're going to give revenue back to the users then you have an edge. So, what are my the best tokens that I've that I've bought are I bought a token recently called uh collector crypt. It's called cards. Essentially, in a nutshell, what they do is they take Pokémon cards, they put them into a vault, a real world vault, and they give you a token representation of the Pokemon card. Okay? Now, you may think that that's nothing, but a tok Pokemon card is a real world asset. And the token is a representation of the real world asset
on chain which allows people to trade. I'm giving you a very simplistic representation of what they do. Right now the velocity of the trading becomes 100 100x what it is. They're acrewing 100x more fees than if people were actually trading physical Pokémon cards. Now they haven't yet worked out how they're going to re to pass that back to the user. And the reason is because there's no SEC clarity yet of what they're allowed to do and what they're not allowed to do. best opportunity in the world because people haven't factored in that they're going to give the fees back to the users. That's an opportunity. So the first so so so do they have you is it a network? Is the network growing? Is there real revenue? And then is there a way to give revenue back to users? That's the first class of tokens. The problem with tokens is though that people value tokens like and this is what I'm working on
right now which we by the way we haven't cracked yet but I'll I'll walk you through how we're thinking about it. So the f the only way that you and I know how to value assets companies revenue generating assets is you take the revenue they make and you multiply it by a multiple and divide it by the number of shares that they have. That is how you value a share right? to say what are the total number of shares times that by the share price that's the fully diluted value of a company right >> mhm >> great so everyone takes that valuation into crypto and they say well you know if there's a billion tokens outstanding right and the value of the token is $3 that means that the fully diluted valuation of the protocol is $3 billion mistake and that's one of the biggest mistakes that people make in crypto because they don't understand crypto right you compare Coinbase to Hyperlquid Okay, Coinbase
has I just want I don't want to mislead the user. So, let me actually give you the number here. And this is what I'm spending probably 80% of my days doing right now because I know if I crack this formula, the price is huge. So, Coinbase have a market cap of 52.4 billion. Which means that if you take the number of shares times the share price, the value is 52.4 $52 billion. >> Yeah. >> Hyperlquid. So, this is Hyperlquid. They have a $20 billion market cap, but an 89 billion fully diluted. So, if you take all their tokens times the price, it it'll give you 89 billion, but there's only a 20 billion market cap. Now, this is what where people get things wrong. They take a valuation of a share and they try and import that to crypto. There's a fundamental difference. When you have a share, all the shares or most of the shares are tradable in the market and there's a price. With crypto, it's not
like that. Firstly, a lot of the the tokens may not be in the market because programmatically they're not in the market, right? Like if you think about Bitcoin, there's still a million Bitcoin that that aren't in the market. The second thing is that so so already you've got the market becoming instead of being that big, it's becoming that big cuz these tokens aren't in circulation yet. Then crypto's got this thing called staking. What is staking? staking says that if you want to launch a token on Hyperlquid, you have to lock away some of those tokens. So, it makes the pipe even smaller. >> Okay. So, and then you've got uh other mechanism other mechanisms in crypto which make the pipe even smaller. Staking etc, etc. So, now what is the the price? It's not the fully diluted valuation. It's a function of this pipe. the tighter and smaller the pipe and the more >> actual available supply versus
the total demand for the thing and the available supply >> pressure in the pipe. So with a stock the price the pipe is this big there's no way to make shares scarce. You you never lock up shares to get benefits or whatever else. So shares aren't scarce. So the pipe's always this big and the water's always flowing buying pressure is always flowing through this pipe >> unless they're doing buybacks like the big tech. >> Yeah. But buybacks is just the company buying back its own tokens and never burn. They don't buy back and burn. They just buy back and keep it on the balance sheet. Right now, let's talk about what happens in crypto. Hyperlid has 90 billion dollars worth of shares. 70 billion aren't being emitted that aren't being emitted for the next 10 years programmatically. So, all of a sudden, now the pipee's only 20 big of 20, uh, you have to lock up $50 million worth of Hyperlid to launch
a token on Hyperlquid. And you have to keep it locked up and staked for as long as the token's listed. Now, the pipe gets really small. And then Hyperlid have this thing called a buyback and burn mechanism where they take a percentage of their fees and create buying pressure inside this pipe. So to me token valuations are a function of the pressure inside the pipe. So so what do you have to work out? You have to work out how how thin the pipe is and how much buying pressure is going to be in that pipe. >> Sure. >> And that's how you work out token valuations at a at a at a certain point in time. >> Yeah. It is a function of the pressure in the pipe and which which stocks don't have because you never lock up stocks. You never lock up stocks. You never stake stocks etc. You you can't use your stocks to participate in the >> this is also one of the reasons why crypto can be very volatile. >>
Yes. Because the liquidity is never enough enough for the demand or the supply. I in a bare market there's not enough liquidity. the price it goes down more because the free float is so small. So in equities it's a free float. So the free float in SpaceX is like 5% or 10%. It's ridiculously small. >> Um but yes, >> but now but SpaceX doesn't have buying pressure um uh uh u uh automated buying pressure. >> It does via the NASDAQ inclusion. It's it once you put it into an index, you kind of get all the 401k month money every two weeks. The same will happen in crypto when we create real indices. But >> imagine with every with every space part SpaceX part that was sold, they had to buy back SpaceX shares. Then can you imagine with a 5% free float what that equation would look like? >> Yeah. >> And so and so you said to me, what am I looking for all day? I'm looking for pressure in pipes. What's
the scarcest token with the highest buying pressure? Right? Because everyone's valuing these protocols the same way they value companies at terminal point. And yes, Hyper Pilot is valued at 90 billion at terminal point. But today the pipe is only 20 billion thick and there's buying pressure. And so >> that's basically what we're looking for or right now what we're looking for. We're looking to find networks which have a lot of pressure in the pipe. Um and if you can calculate the pressure in the pipe correctly or better than anybody else, then that's free money in crypto at the moment. >> Okay. You've talked about your research process. So you mainly focus on these kind of opportunities. So these tend to be application layer higher velocity low free float but still a reasonable size not always. What size are you looking at within these? >> So I think um I think the layer one war is largely
one. So in crypto I think the layer ones have largely been determined. I think Bitcoin is the layer one for store of value. I mean no surprise. I think in terms of of the other layer ones, I think it's a it's ETH and Solana have basically won the war. When I say ETH, I don't think ETH has won, but I think the layer twos on ETH, the Robin Hood chains, the the um uh base chains. I think they're going to be the winners because they've got the credibility of settling on Ethereum and um and they've got the speed they the speed and agility of everything else they need. I think there's two more use cases that need to find a home. One of them is a very big prize. The Agentic L1 hasn't been won yet. Uh I think there's a couple of of contenders in for that. I think SUI is is definitely one of them because I don't want to get too technical, but it's an object-based language and an object-based chain
and that is much more suitable for for AI transactions. Number one, I think NIA protocol NIA is is building a lot of a lot of tools. It could be Salana. It could be base. So I think the agentic L1 that war has still to be won. I think the tradfi L1 when I say tradfi I really mean traditional finance L1 where are the dcc DTCC going to migrate where are the the existing clearing houses going to migrate to I don't think that's been won yet there's a whole lot of contenders in that race but ultimately I think the L1 the block space debate in crypto is pretty much finished right I also think that the L1's haven't found a way to really capture value so if you're a ETH holder guess how much value you captured from the Robin Hood launch. And the Robin Hood launch, just to give you some numbers, in my opinion, was the most perfectly executed launch that crypto has ever seen. Robin Hood launched a
chain. The chain made $50 million in the first two weeks in revenues for Robin Hood. Guess how much of those fees ETH managed to capture? >> $50,000. $50,000. So, I'm going to give you a different way of valuing layer ones that you should think about. If I were to turn the plug off, the switch off on ETH tomorrow, how much value gets destroyed and future value? All of Robin Hood. >> I agree with you. >> All of base, all of DeFi, all of stable coins, all of digital art, the whole financial systems, future rails, the whole lot. Now, that's a trillion, two trillion. I don't know what the future anticipated value of that is. And it's nothing to do with fees. Fees are irrelevant. They're a red herring. In fact, in technology, fees are a friction. And every technology that's ever scaled, we've seen fees go to zero. In blockchain, in order to keep the lights on, you need people validating transactions,
right? You need a lot of people validating transactions. In order to do that, they need to be rewarded. So, they get rewarded in one of two ways. The first thing is token native inflation. So that's a bad inflation. So if there's token native inflation, it's a bad inflation. It's the same as government inflation because it means the value of the network is being deflated away. Um the second way is fees. And by increasing fees, you would penalize the chain a lot. So let's talk about Ethereum around your your thesis. um it's either going to emit enough ETH to keep a lights on and we're going to hope that in perpetuity this can happen or the fees have to be so high that the miners have to be rewarded because the more security in blockchain the more validators you need. So security in blockchain is a function to a certain to a certain point of how many validators you've got in the network, right?
That's the the strength of a blockchain. That's why the Bitcoin network is so big. So there is also the Bitcoin debate as you know uh around what happens when Bitcoin stops emitting coins. Now it's only going to happen in 21 something, 2150, 2140 whatever it is, but what happens then the fees have to basically fund the network, right? And then you know maybe they will, maybe they won't. We'll worry about that in in 2150 if we're still around. Um, but so I think the layer one model in crypto right now, it's working, but it's only working because it's subsidized by token inflation at the moment. >> And you see, I again, I would dis I disagree with this because if we're right that the agentic economy is coming, the velocity of everything goes to the [ __ ] moon. >> Agree. I agree. Then then Yeah. And if you're charging 0.00001 cents for a trillion transactions, it don't matter. >> Agree. >>
You know, you can make a lot of money from a very low transaction fee. I mean, there was a great example yesterday. I don't know if you saw um you might not have seen it, but there was a a friend of mine who's a uh digital artist, NFT artist, Jack Butcher. He sold using the X Money Network. First time this has been done. So people on X money, so X, >> he said, "Pay me 10 bucks and I'll give you a piece of art." >> He he made, I don't know, a million or$2 million yesterday from $8 art. >> And then he's now got this buy back and burn and complicated mechanism for it. [ __ ] clever. >> But low find it. Yeah. >> Low low prices, high volumes. He sold 123,000 >> pieces of art. So >> I agree with you. And I think the gent economy is very, very, very, very soon. Like I think people talk about I think it's I think the genty economy is 2027 2028 2029. I don't think it's 2040. I think as the the article
here said it's you know you're talking about a billion agents by 2028 or 2029. It's that's it's it's around the corner. >> So so are all of your bets based around this these these basic thesis? So I most of them are looking for the low free float where demand is. >> So no I've taken my bets in the layer ones. I've got my bets on the layer ones. I've got my bets on Bitcoin. I've got a little bit of money in Ethereum. I've got money in Salana. I've got money in Sui. I've got some small bets on other ones. Near Protocol being one of them. >> And you just leave those. >> Never touch those. Those are savings accounts. The only time that I will touch Salana example is if I will I may take some chips off the main chain to fund an application that I think is more exciting than the main chain. But I'm I'm drastically increasing my risk profile then, right? >> Yeah. Because if I bet on Salana, I'm
betting on a billion experiments that may take place on Salana. If I'm betting on one app, then I'm betting on. >> And what is the percentage ratio between your core holding and your active? >> Are they 50/50 or are they 20 200? Which way around? >> So, it's a great question. Um, the question is whether whether or not you include Bitcoin. So, if you ex if you >> No, include include Bitcoin. You see, because Bitcoin is my store of wealth and my store of value, then then you you largely skewing it with L1's. But let's remove Bitcoin. Yeah. >> And then I'd say probably right now >> I am, >> see, I've had a great run on Zcash and I haven't rebalanced my portfolio. So probably right now I'm about 50 60 No, probably about 60 70% in L1's, but only >> because Zcash outperformed. >> I took a a bet on Zcash at 100 bucks and it's now six. It's 17 times that money. >> Yeah. >> And I haven't rotated yet
because >> because I look at Zcash and it reminds me of Bitcoin 2014. >> I've got some Zcash as well. I got in about 300 bucks or something and it's doing nicely. >> Yeah, >> it's it's exactly Bitcoin. It's the same people. It's the same culture. It's the same price moves. It's the same issues. uh the the devs left and then the devs came back and then and then you know like and then they thought there was a hack but actually there it's ex I heard all these I've watched this video before and I'm watching it again now you know if there's one mistake I made on on Bitcoin it's that I didn't accumulate 100,000 Bitcoin back in the day when I you know I mean maybe 10,000 Bitcoin when I actually could have afforded to accumulate 10,000 Bitcoin, right? And I kind of said to myself when I saw the Zcash thing happen I said I'm not going to make that mistake again. and I'm going to get in early. I'm
going to put the money down and I'm going to forget about the money. But my thesis was sound as hell. And it was very very very tough sitting through that thesis. Two things happened. I don't know if you remember but towards the end of last year two things happened. The first thing is the devs left. There was a big announcement that devs left. They didn't they just left one dev company and started a new dev company. But that was very scary and that tested the thesis. And then the most important thing that tested the thesis was around the potential hack that could have happened. Right. >> That's right. >> And that was that was really testing the thesis because >> Yeah. Because it was is there is there now infinite supply and we don't know because it's all hidden. >> Yes. And that's the one that's the one flaw that there was in Zcash. I say was there isn't that four doesn't exist anymore cuz
with the new technology upgrade they can actually verify that what's in the shielded pool plus the unshielded pool equals 21 million. Before they couldn't all they could tell you was in the unshielded pool the non the non um uh shielded pool they could tell you how many there were and how many there should be in the shielded pool but they they could never verify what's in the shielded pool. Now they can. So so now now they can. So, it's made the thesis a lot more bulletproof. Um, and I'll tell you that sitting through that sitting through that period where there could have been a vulnerability in Zcash with a large part of your portfolio in Zcash, like let's say let's say that over 10% of my portfolio was Zcash and sitting there knowing that this comp the protocol could have been compromised. I mean that was th those were quite tough days because again if they were compromised Zcash could
have gone too close to zero. So it was a a uh you know you had to hold with conviction. A lot of people ran away a lot of people left. They said you know I even remember with all due respect to to Arthur as I remember interviewing him at that period he said you know the fact that this did happen made me sell all my Zcash >> and that's Arthur and that's Arthur. He said he sold all his Zcash and he's not I mean he's quite astute you know he he knows the market and he said look that dent so a lot of people left and I mean we held and that's become a very big part of the portfolio so um so I'd say right now 60 70% is in L1's and then okay so I don't consider hyperlquid an L1 so hyperlquid no >> is another big position >> the competitor to hyper liquid called lighter which is um uh the more regulatory they went a more regulatory friendly approach. Um, and the reason why I took a big bet on lighter,
just to give you some some insight, I knew that they were trying to get Hyperlquid into the US and that there's a negotiation going on with Hyperlquid to bring Hyperlquid to the US. >> Yeah, >> I also know how Trump >> it was Trump or Bessant who mentioned Hyperlquid. It's insane. Trump. Trump >> that was the that was when I doubled down on lighter, ironically. And it's been one of the best bets that I've made because how does Trump negotiate? He tells you how amazing your life's going to be if you join him, right? He shows you how miserable your life is going to be if you don't do what he says. And then somehow he and and then because you realize how miserable the tariffs are and because you realize so when he said we're going to we bring in Hyperlquid into the US I was like oh and what's going to happen in the negotiation he's going to threaten at some point Trump is going to threaten Hyperlid
with the fact that they're not coming into the US unless and then the market's going to panic and they're going to go to the next competitor which is lighter because lighter has gone the more regulatory route in the United States And that switch I made when lighter was at about $180 or something. I don't remember the exact numbers. Lighter is now $550. Hyper liquid was at about 80 or $70. It's at 100 bucks. So that was a very good switch to make. Um yeah. So the majority So where else are my are my bets? So again, it goes down to the foundations of what is crypto. What is crypto? Crypto is the ability for anyone to create digital value and trade digital value. That's basically what crypto is. Anyone can create or migrate digital you can create digital value from a real world asset. You can create it out of thin air. You can create digital value and if you can create digital value then you're
going to trade it because value is there to be traded. So the majority of my bets are actually on the trading platforms. Very very very few of my bets are in non-trading platforms cuz I don't really care what application you build whether it's supercompute or whether you're selling I don't know chip chips for raceh horses I don't really care I know you're going to trade it and I want to be in the places where you traded and the more leverage the better. Okay, so let's wind ahead to two years time and Ran's thesis has paid off, but something else came along that he didn't see because there's always something new in a cycle that you're like, "Fuck, I saw that, but I didn't see it." What's it going to be? Where is something going to break out in this market that none of us are expecting? Because it won't be what we know always. It'll be something we don't know. What do you think? I mean, like
for me, the AI agent thing is so big and it's just just just just just started and I think learning their behaviors and their trading and their hedging and their like everything else um is just so big that like it's it's enough to occupy it's enough to occupy whatever we're doing times 10. So, I must haven't really thought like way beyond that. I don't know because don't forget in the past there were >> there were what were social networks going to do with blockchain? What were we going to do with ID? What were we like data storage? You know, there's I don't know there's just to me is I always keep my eyes and ears open to something that is entirely not on the agenda today that some weirdo in a somewhere has figured out. Um, and let's see. >> I like to go back to to core principles. And for me, core principles is what what is this technology. This technology is about the creation of digital
value. When you have value, you're going to let's well, you're going to store it. I'm not sure that there's much money in in the storage, right? You're going to send it. Okay. Sending is probably the money is probably in things like stable coins, algorithmic stable coins, partially backstable coins, fully backstable coins. I'm not sure what that application is. Um, you're going to trade it. You're going to leverage it. >> Yeah. But there's also other there's the it's a database that is immutable that has authentication built into it. >> There is a whole bunch of parts of blockchain that aren't currently used a lot. >> That's what that's it in my head. >> So, I'll tell you one application which I think is underused in crypto. Um, what's the time where you are? >> 208. >> Why isn't it block 10642? Why is it 208? Because humans have this thing. Humans have this this thing of uh of, you know,
we need 24-hour days because we need routine and the sun rises and the sun sets. Agents don't give a [ __ ] >> No. >> Agents for for agents, it's one long number of blocks. >> Yeah. Melton was talking about this actually using the blockchain. Well, yeah. So, I think the blockchain clock has got to be the most accurate uh the most accurate clock. It doesn't make sense that we talk about dates and times, EST, non EST. Ultimately, we need to talk about about blocks. And I think the one underused mechanism around blockchains which I don't think anyone's cracked yet and maybe we're very very very early into this is like if if I give you a loan um when when did I if I give you a loan and I give you a loan on one chain and it needs to be settled somewhere else by another chain through an AI agent and whatever else when did I give you the loan and we're specifically talking microp payments and micro
micro micro interest. When did I give you the loan? So I think the one aspect of blockchains that isn't yet respected enough is the time aspect of it. >> Yeah. >> So so so like it it can't be a minute and a second and an EST and a and a PST >> in a daily in a dealing room. When I was in a dealing room I'd write a ticket cuz on a trade and I'd have to time stamp it. >> Yes. >> Now we could change that by you time stamp in advance. You do other stuff. Right. But blockchain does something. You're right with time and price or time and information or time and whatever that is it's yeah you're it's completely underutilized still. >> So so I think I think >> as a log of events let's put it that way. >> Yeah I think we I'm extrapolating a couple of years forward but right now the fastest blockchains have uh I don't know 100 millisecond uh times to finality right. Um, and so their blocks are being
mined probably at that speed or maybe slightly faster. I think that there's going to be a lot of protocols that are going to be measured in block in in block time. And I think we're going to come to a universal block time at some point, which is like for example, like you think about Bitcoin having to transact with ETH and Salana and Suie because that's just the way that the the the transaction was settled, right? When do they settle? And so ultimately I think we're going to come up with a a blockchain that's just going to be the time. I I I I I think there's one or two blockchains that were looking at this, but I think one or two blockchains we're going to pay them a minuscule fee just to use them as a settlement layer for multiple times. >> Oracle for time >> for time. The oracle for time. I think that that that use case is probably underappreciated specifically with thousands and thousands
thou thousands of chains where where you know if if if if microtransactions really matter and you've got to settle them all at a specific time in in micro seconds I think the time element of blockchain is is is uh is not well enough respected um >> super interesting right final question about all of this because you at the beginning you stay said there was three component parts of what you're doing and how you're doing it one was your thesis we've gone through that two How are you valuing this stuff? Where are you looking for opportunity? And three is how are you using AI? So how are you using AI and how's the team using AI? Is that for building trading models or is it for analysis or is it a combination or is it for scraping for information? Because people are fascinated by this stuff. >> So the first thing is we we automated everything. So I realized I was running a very very we running
a very very uh fat staff business in an age where most things could have been automated. And so I took what I did was I took the biggest innovator of my team. She's amazing. She's the biggest innovator in the team. And I said if you want to innovate then the first thing you're going to do is you're going to automate the entire business so that you can free up all the cash that you need to innovate. And so she literally went through our business process by process and she said, "Okay, what's your role? Your role is to you upload the videos to YouTube and and you key tag and you keyword search them." Great. She built an AI agent that does the keyword search, the clips. So you know the clips that I spoke to you about where I told you that we clip all our content. That's all. It's an AI. We used to hire 10 clippers or five clippers. Uh we now have one and he runs 40 Twitter accounts and he has
one AI tool. He'll run this interview. >> We built it. We built it. Um, it learns how to listen for clips and it clips all the content and it can actually upload them directly to Twitter. So, he runs 10 Twitter accounts. Uh, one guy runs 10 10 Twitter accounts. Um, so she automated the entire business. Literally, uh, the thumbnail, how we make our thumbnails now, we you can the it's the system autogenerates based on on everything else or you can just draw it on a piece of paper with a pen. just draw a little thumbnail and just show it to the AI and it'll generate that thumbnail for you in 20 seconds. So that took about 20 staff and move and made them two two or three. So there's two and there's an overflow guy. Um that was the first thing that we did. So we we literally took the entire process of our business. We looked at the things we were doing repeatedly and we built AI agents and and
that's that's now running. Um, we have a thing called the newsroom. Now, what is the newsroom? It's we have 50 people that are interested in crypto, including all my researchers. And every tweet, every article that we read, we for years, we've actually been copying and pasting into the newsroom. So, if I I'll like a tweet from RA and I'll put it in the newsroom. And and you'll like a tweet from the Fed and you'll put in the newsroom and and Bob will like a tweet from Nvidia and you'll put it in the newsroom. And for years we've been doing that like since we started banter we've been all depositing. So we took an AI agent and we basically said this is where we scraped all the data in the past. Um very simplistically we kind of said look uh the more recent ones get a higher score because they means that they're more relevant to now. The old ones get a slightly lower score. But basically what
we told the AI agents is we said tally up how many how many tweets from each place we recorded based on that. that's how how likely we are to want to see the tweet again. And now the the that whole uh process is is completely automated, right? So that there's a bunch of agents that basically populate [snorts] us with ideas, trading ideas, alpha, etc., etc. And that that basically is uh is completely automated. Um so we basically automated all those processes. Um I'll give you like stupid things like we we do interviews like this. So when I interview a guest, sometimes I don't know them as well as I know you. So you know your content I watch and I know you and I follow you. But sometimes you get a guest and don't really know much about him. That process of getting a document takes me about 30 seconds. I've got an AI agent. It gives me a background. Who's this person, where they come from?
In fact, it's so funny because, you know, it's a we we run the process for everyone. And uh I just want to see if I've got the document. If I've got yesterday's document for cuz you were on my show yesterday and they sent me >> You need to hide the bit where he says he's a bit of a dick. >> That's the >> Hold on. Yeah, he's so arrogant. And I got to actually see I've actually got to see if I've got it. Uh effectively, I got I get like a a two minute in two minutes. I basically know everything I need to know about you. I get your latest tweets, your latest views, latest things that you've said on on latest YouTube interviews. And so I know that within four minutes of reading a document, right? So that that's basically that. And then when it comes to valuing tokens, um, so we've programmed the pipe. In other words, look for tokens. Look for tokens that have high buyback pressure, uh, high buyback
pressure, low circulating supplies, increasing users. I mean, that's really basic stuff because everything's available on blockchain and you can actually start finding it. So to be honest, the thing that I'm working on right now with with a couple of the guys is to try and find to build the perfect formula for pressure so the AI agent can tell us. The AI agent, as I said, one of the the AI agents actually did catch the arbitum trade very early before people really caught on how big arbitum is going to be. When Robin Hood launched, it basically said, "Hold on, you guys are missing like there's this pro. We we we found it at a multiple of five." And it was like weird. And then we like double checked the thesis three or four times and was like hold on a second this is like a real thesis like and then we we traded on it and then that trade yielded us like a 5x return because we're just so early
to the trade because people didn't pick it up. So again without AI yeah maybe I would have caught it but I probably would have caught it after the run. So yeah, things like that. I mean, other things other things which are like um >> you haven't built a you haven't tried the trading bot yet where it it just does takes all of you guys out of the process because that's the obvious thing. >> We've tried it. We've tried it. We've tried it. We to be honest, we we haven't really had success to be honest. You know, you know what is really good what is really good in blockchain is uh tracking wallets. So, for example, tracking team wallets and the minute that the team wallet having agents that track w team wallets, the minute a team wallet starts to move tokens, that usually has a correlation with price or so. You look for specific token wallet movements like I'm not going to mention the name of
the protocol, but I'm actually watching on my screen here that a team is moving tokens that they probably shouldn't be moving, right? And we've put an AI agent watching every transaction, watching because sometimes what they do is they bounce it from one wallet to a second wallet and then from a second wallet to a third wallet to to try and trick people. But we've built a bunch of a swarm of agents that basically watch this kind of stuff. So I'm I'm actually watching one now and I mean the price has gone down 10% since we started the show because the team's actually moving tokens around that they shouldn't be moving tokens around. So I I haven't actually dug into it, but I can see the price going down. I can see the tokens actually moving. So, and again, I wouldn't have known that if there wasn't a Grockbot running here and telling me exactly what what's going on. >> Fascinating. So, Raman,
where should people find you? >> I mean, most people know who you are, but you know, >> I'm on Twitter, Cryptoman Run. Uh, I do a show on Banter, Cryptobanter, and I've got another channel called Crypto Insider, which is where I do uh long form interviews. I think probably Twitter's the best place because that's the hub, the hub for everything. >> That's the easiest place to find you. >> Otherwise, you can find me in Cape Town. and you can come and visit me in Cape Town. >> Yeah, we'll see you or I'll see you in Singapore and I'll see you in Johannesburg and I'll see you in Cape Town. >> I'll see you somewhere. All right, my friend. Good to see you and uh see you soon. >> Chat soon, man. >> This episode is brought to you by Pith. Pith Network is the fastest growing financial data company [music] today. Trusted by Fidelity Investments, the US Department of Commerce, Revolute, Kelshi, Jane
Street, Coinbase, and many more. They provide real time financial market data across over 3,000 [music] equities, commodities, crypto, FX, rates, and again a lot more. They're the first and largest provider of 24/7 financial indices and offer the widest array of market data for [music] the lowest cost. So go to pith.network to take advantage of their free trial. Token 2049 Singapore, the world's largest crypto event, returns to [music] Marina Bay Sands on the 7th of 8th of October. On stage will be myself, Jeff Yan from Hyperlquid, Shane Copam from Poly Market, [music] and the Real Vision community gets 10% off tickets. Claim yours using the link below. See you there. So, you obviously like this video enough that you've got to the end. That's quite a big task, but listen, do me a favor. Hit the like and subscribe button and also check out what videos next because I think you'll love it. But
if you want even more, and when I'm talking more, I'm talking about memberergenerated ideas, incredible alpha research, everything there to help you in your journey, just head to realton.com/join for the best financial intelligence out there and the pure alpha that's within the platform.