[music] Andrew Feldman, CEO of Cerebrus, his fifth startup. He went to Stanford, played soccer there. He met his wife over Argentinian tango. He created a 46,000 mm, 4 trillion transistors. Do you have it with you? Okay. This is a million dollars. If you want a quick a quick, you know, cash infusion, sell this on eBay. Okay. All right. Uh, fastest in the world in inference. Steve Jobs insisted the Mac boot up 10 seconds faster. This is that solution for AI claimed it could save 100 human lifetimes every year. Speed matters at Cerebrus. These guys are fast. Um, the chip industry is 70 years old. >> Hold on. Wouldn't it be great if he introduced me at Thanksgiving to I mean my brothers the doctors would have nothing to say at the table. That would be phenomenal. >> Yeah. Yeah. Right. The chip industry is 70 years old and Cerebrus is taking the hardest path. And uh you know like an Indiana Jones
movie. They're winning and they're getting there. And this this panel is partly about hardware and what we need to know. And it's really fitting that Raza is here. Uh, hosted the speaker VIP reception. Who was there last night? Okay. Who has house envy? You can't buy it. He's not selling. Uh, but it is beloved in the semiconductor industry. And it's really fitting that he could be here because he knows where it's come from. He built the foundation to where it is today. And as we talk about where we're going, uh, this is a great connection. All right. Dave is probably the cleverest, most resourceful, most tenacious uh entrepreneur I know. When he was at MIT, uh he he at midnight would get computer time to do uh AI stuff. He had a connection with Minsky's lab. He's my business partner by day. And I asked him to be part of this because he is using AI every day to kind of figure out how to solve
some of the trillion dollar opportunities around um speed. And it's it's just very fitting to to have this uh this panel. All right. So, we have three people uh on this stage who have built the chips, funded the companies, and taken on some of the biggest players in the industry. Dave just sold a company for 100 million. He wants to plow that money into the the chip industry. Uh AI conversations tend to be about models. Today, we're going to talk about going underneath them to the machine, actually running AI, and whether we're building the right one. Every conversation about AI right now is about the model. So now we are going to talk about the thing you know that that is the uh foundation. The models get all the headlines. The hardware gets all the problems. Let's start there. Okay. Andrew, can you just stand up and tell us what your life has been like? You took a company public. You're
a bill fractional. No, you're a multi-billionaire right now. Um on paper, you know what is what is your world right right now? And why is Jensen calling you? A year and a half ago, I interviewed him at his big supernova event when he was like a guy, you know, people knew him. He had that that million-dollar chip he would walk around, but he was you weren't taken as seriously as you totally are now. What has changed and and what's your plan? >> I I think for you entrepreneurs out there, you when a little success comes your way, um you're the same bozo as before there was success, right? and and that's that's the truth. Um I I think we are the same team that that started this 10 years ago. Um the things we like are the same. Um I I think we we went public in in May and one of the large in the largest semi in history. Um all the problems that we had before the IPO are there after the IPO. Right?
The IPO solves nothing. I think it gives you a little more money, but it can't help you solve a technical problem. It can't figure out a solution to to droop across a a printed circuit board. It it can't design chips. And so, uh, we embarked 10 years ago on on a big journey. And, uh, we we don't do this for money. We we we don't do this for to to sit and talk before you. We we do this because we we really don't know how to not build stuff, right? that that even my my co-founders and and the the thousand plus of us now at Cerebrus when we get a little bit of of free time we go home and we build stuff at home. Sometimes it's with software, sometimes it's cabinet, sometimes it's metal work, sometimes it's but that's who we are and th those are the things we love doing. And so when in 2015 we we saw the rise of uh of AI on the horizon, we we thought there was something uh we could do and as as
a te knows that what a chip architect lives for is a new workload right in static state at equilibrium nobody changes share in the chip world. It's when new new workloads arise that huge share changes, right? When a new workload called Ethernet switching arose in the late 90s, all the incumbents died. Every one of them, Nortell Networks, Threecom, you go through this list of of companies, all dead. When a new workload arose in the mid the mid 2000s, right? all the existing players, AMD, Intel, they had fabs, they had all the architects, they got zero share of of compute for phones. And so when we looked out, what we saw was, holy cow, there's a new workload coming. And we believed we could build a a company that that would would would accelerate this workload. And we believed there would be enough of this workload to make it worthwhile building a company. And uh in every one of our forecasts
for the first time in my career, we were wrong on we we estimated it was it was smaller than it was going to be. It's my fifth startup. Every single estimate we've ever had before this company, we guessed on that two the market was going to be bigger than we than uh than it actually was. In this case, we we guessed the market was going to be smaller than it is. And what's happened over the last 18 months is this explosion. Remember, we make AI with with training, but we use it with inference. And as AI has gotten smart enough to be useful, what we're watching is a a sea change, a wave of it being used. And when it's used, speed matters. And our our premise 10 years ago, probably seven years too early was that that speed would matter, that we could build a machine that was 10, 20, 30, 50 times faster than a GPU. And so that's a very long way of saying what's the last 18 months been like? We
have a 25 billion backlog, right? We are uh we will increase manufacturing by 8x this year and 8x next year. Um we entered the year with several hundred megawws under under management and we'll we'll we'll end this year with contracts for gigawatts. Um, it is a just an extraordinary time and I I I tell people that the the the right way to to to get the timing right in the startup is to be wrong for a long time and not be dead. And and that's what happened to us. I mean, we we we invented this. We solved this problem. Maybe this is longer than than the answer. >> No, no. >> Um, >> it's good drum. We we we solved a problem that everybody in the industry said couldn't be solved. Uh that with the exception maybe of AI and Andy Bethshy and maybe Lipu, everybody said you're out of your mind. Um and in 2020 we we solved it. We delivered it to market and absolutely nobody cared. We had solved a 75year-old
problem in the computer industry. We had achieved what was one of the holy grails and absolutely nobody cared because fast AI didn't make any sense when the AI was dumb and now the AI is smart and getting faster getting smarter at an extraordinary rate and everybody wants answers more quickly. And the final thing is uh uh it's not easy being married it turns out in a in a great market. Um, my wife says that that, you know, when nobody wanted to buy my stuff, I was stressed at 11. And now everybody wants to buy our stuff and I'm stressed at 11. And I told her that in 33 years of marriage, maybe you should learn something about my stress level. Um, but that's what it's like. It is an extraordinary time. I think for those of you who who are from the valley, uh right now the the level of intensity and the excitement around AI in the valley is is unlike anything we've ever seen. Yesterday, my
first meeting was 7 a.m. at a coffee shop in Menllo Park, and there were about 20 other people doing AI meetings at 7 a.m. on a Sunday. And that that's that's what's going on right now. And it's it's really a pleasure to be a part of. The models keep getting smarter. Is the hardware keeping up or are we running today's AI on yesterday's machine? Atik and Dave. >> Well, we're definitely running on on yesterday's GPUs that were designed for graphics and video games. And you know, it's funny. They when you talk to the people who are now, you know, multi-billionaires, decillionaires, none of them saw it coming. They were busy building the best conceivable GPUs for video games. And it was the AI researchers in the basements that said, "Hey, our algorithms will run better on that chip." And I think the audience for that was pretty limited at that point in time. They're like, "Yeah, we don't care
about you." Boy, did that invert in a hurry. But, you know, one of the byproducts of the way technology evolved, you know, I think Andrew, you said your your IPO was biggest semiconductor IPO of all time, but I think it was actually the first or second biggest IPO of all time, period. >> It was the biggest before SpaceX came up. before. Yeah. And it was funny because it's the the top of the pyramid, you know, being the coolest kid in town has a very short shelf life these days. [laughter] But you at least you had it. You had >> the Chrysler building. >> That's a good lesson. [laughter] >> But you know, it's funny. I was talking to Andrew about two things. First of all, the humility uh with that level of success having the biggest IPO of all time. The humility in the moment is just mindboggling to me. It's just so cool. But the other thing he said was if you look for people who are aware of
AI algorithms and transistors at the same time in their head they just there there's like one in a million engineers spans that top to bottom. And why did this happen? It happened because you know the biggest IPO before that was Meta. Meta is social media. Before that was Google. And it's all software software Python Python. You know no one's thinking about chips. No one's thinking about fab. the entire fab industry moved to Asia. We just completely lost the core and all of a sudden like it has flipped and now all [laughter] of a sudden but we just don't have the people who can think from hey this transformer change will require this transistor to operate or load in this way and boy if you if you develop that skill set you are in huge demand at cerebrus and everywhere. Well, basically that is true today because uh you know AI came on so fast. But the entire history of process technologies
and semiconductors has been on the basis of analyzing the workload and trying to build machines that will execute the workload all the way back to even Alan Turing. I mean we stand on his shoulders. I mean my entire career, my life, association even with Andrew all comes from that person starting and thinking about how to build a machine that would execute the problem that he was facing to go from there to processes in the early days. In a way I see analoges even at that time that the problem always remained on exactly how the processing has to be done very fast on the workload that is available and how you feed the processor from memory. How do you enable that continuum of not having a bottleneck either at the memory stage or at the processing stage that came through multiple generations and you know when I was being introduced you talked about being there early yes I have seen shockly sitting
in his office yes I've competed with the you know the entire Gordon Moore you know the guy who has a law associated with his name I've competed and beaten his company when they were a juggernaut that was so powerful none of you may be old enough to remember when Intel was so powerful that even Microsoft would not cross the line with them. That was the time with a handful of people. We started off addressing the same problem. We introduced techniques of working on the workload that was available at that time and we introduced things like uh uh out of order execution um uh branch prediction of prefetching and then later on we went on to see that there was again a bottleneck being created as you had to get more memory fetches and uh then hardware assistance in scheduling of instructions. all that happened and uh that brings us to to this time when suddenly the workload has started transforming
at an extremely rapid pace. So I don't take everything away from Jensen that he basically was uh building graphics chips. I remember I was on the advisory council of Stanford School of Engineering and Jensen already had become famous because of his graphic shifts and I met him and I said JJSen what are you thinking about right now and he said I'm trying to get GPUs into data centers to be part of the compute workload execution and I said but your GPUs are unusable I've been trying to get my company to use them at that time there was software company I was But they are so hard to use and that's when he said I will address that problem. I will and he developed CUDA the ability to distribute uh the workload onto his GPUs. He gave uh he gave uh his machines to Stanford for them to use in the uh mathematical engineering um uh labs that they had over there. Fast forward to what Andrew was talking
about. Now I have long association with Andrew because if you work in this field you know each other you know who's doing what and this is with cerebras when I first basically was described cerebras and you know some of his key people have worked for me and when he when he described it to me at that time AI was not on the horizon. It was high performance computing that this was built for. But the problem that he was solving was the right one. The problem he was solving was taking care of the basically the flow of of uh the workload from memory from processor to processor into the ability to then processes. So he was creating a platform which had architectural innovation and physical innovation where the memory was very close to the processor and the other processors were also very close to the process. What he showed as a single chip basically is translating an architecture onto a platform.
As we go forward, the problem is going to get worse and worse and there will be a time then he will have to do something more than what he is doing. But every new innovation that is coming is dealing with the problem of a bottleneck occurring now with AI particularly as the AI workload itself is transforming. It used to be training then it moves to consumerdominated inference. Now it is going to enterprise inference and then within enterprise inference the transformation is occurring again and the way it is occurring is that AI in the meantime has opened up the context window. Opening up the context window is basically an invitation for unstructured huge amount of everything to be sucked into it. When that happens, your inference is not a single stage inference like you have with a consumer or an initial enterprise environment. It is a multi-stage inference and it has fanouts and now it is
carrying forward any ambiguity in in in the assignment of weights in the tokens is going to also backfire on you even the slightest change. So now what happens is that with this enormous transformation in the workload every step has to retain the reference to the context of the answer of that step as is going to be used by the next step. This is going to be incredibly memory intensive. We haven't seen the end of it and uh we will have to have new innovations that address this even a step but in the same direction as what Cerebras was trying to do. And if you take a look at some of the new companies that are coming on the horizon, they're including things like in-memory compute. Inmemory compute was originally only a dream to be used at the very very edge. Now they're talking about using it for data centers, but the idea is the same. How do you basically enable the interaction between memory
and compute to be as low a latency as possible, as efficiently translatable as possible. It can't be done alone by hardware. It will need scheduling also of the workload itself. >> All right. Thank you. Uh, um, I have a bunch of questions for you, Andrew. We want you to answer them real quick and then uh Atique and Dave if you could weigh in is he right is he wrong or do you know something that Andrew doesn't know okay so what is the real bottleneck if you could remove only one constraint on AI tomorrow compute memory networking or electricity which one would you remove and will your answer be the same three years from now I >> I think right now all of us are constrained by data center availability the entire industry I think we're trying to move at this enormous a speed sort of the speed of software and data centers move like real estate and that's holding us all back >> right three years
from now are you are you evading that question >> I'm not evading uh I'm ducking and covering um uh I I think in in three years it will be uh fab capacity >> yeah okay I'm going to go to a hundred billion dollar question but before I do is he right? Is he wrong? Or do you know something he doesn't know that could be helpful? >> I think knows a lot. I don't know. >> Right. He's absolutely right. But the main thing is there are things that we can fix people sitting on this table or we can influence or be involved in fixing and those that we can't. >> Okay. >> Energy and building data centers physically we can't fix. That has to be fixed elsewhere. What goes inside those data centers that we can influence and fix. Yeah. Okay, watch this. Dave's going to say something profound and shocking. >> Well, what we do right now at AI Inference is utterly idiotic. That the weights do not need to move.
And yet, we use massive amounts of energy in HPM, the most expensive chips in the world to move the weights out of HPM memory into a GPU, use them for a picoscond, and then dump them. It's utterly idiotic. I know Andrew knows this because we've met and talked at his office about it. Uh there are solutions that are a thousand to a millionx more efficient. The only reason those don't exist already is because the supply chain doesn't move quickly enough and the software people are are innovating at such an incredible rate that nobody wants to hardwire something and find out it was wrong. But when we get the supply chain figured out, which will be easily within three years, we'll be running uh most likely on the upper end of a thousand to millionx more efficiently by not moving the weights. >> All right, I have a lot of questions. Next question. the hundred billion dollar question. We're committing
hundreds of billions of dollars to AI infrastructure. Are we building the foundation of the next economy? Are we overbuilding the biggest technology bubble in history? Uh what is this pets.com or whatever? What would that's a 2000 reference um for those millennials or Gen Z. What would have to be true for all this capacity to earn an economic return? >> You know, no, he's I'm going to him. You get to say if he's right or wrong. I just want to make a comment. You know, I am old enough to remember there was a company called Digital Equipment. >> Yeah. Yeah. Deck. >> Deck. It was >> General Durio put 70,000 into it. It was headto-head with IBM. >> I know. >> It's not anymore. >> Why? Because the answer that Ken Olsson gave is I cannot imagine so many people requiring little computers. >> Yeah. Ken Olsson worked on Project Whirlwind, which was at MIT that spun out Silicon Valley. You don't get
Silicon Valley without Project Whirlwind. And his co-founder is an MIT guy, by the way. All right. So, what's the answer to that$und00 billion dollar question? >> I I don't think there's any doubt we're building the foundation for for a fundamentally different economy. I I I think there will be bumps along the way. I I think if you take a 10 or 15year view of Pets.com, it it turns out that that pet food online is really good business. >> Chewy. And a huge portion of of what Amazon does and a large portion of the total pet food business is now sold online. I I think there will be bumps along the way, right? There will be bad ideas that we adopt for a little bit. There'll be sort of culde-sacs in innovation culde-sacs that we'll have to back out of and keep going. But I I I think the following and I I said this at at a te's house. I I I think if uh I think there's a chance that someone born
in 20 years never knows anyone who dies of cancer and never knows anybody who's hit by a drunk driver. Okay? And the number one killer of of healthy adults is is car accidents. Um the number of uh the number one killer of of everybody is cancer. And so I I I think we will solve big and interesting problems um in in the next 20 25 years and that that will change what it is to grow up and to to live in our society. >> So my next set of questions about uh AI when it's 10 times faster. But Dave, did you want to weigh in right, wrong, or you know something that he doesn't? Well, so it drives me nuts when people compare what's going on right now to pets.com because the internet, you know, I I was really fortunate to graduate college right when the internet was exploding and taking off and it worked out incredibly lucky for me. But um everyone's like, "Yeah, but then it overheated and collapsed."
Yeah. But then Google was born right in the middle of the collapse and Google just and look how look where Google is now. Uh look where we are now. Yeah. I mean I it's like was the internet a bubble? No. The internet is the foundation of basically everything we do now. It was never a bubble. Uh, it's just people panicked and bailed out and gave up on it. That always happens in America. It will inevitably happen in Wings of AI. AI will still 20 years from today be the biggest thing that's happened in human history by far. I mean, Andrew's characterization is exactly right. And so, yeah, America always overheats. Yeah, the capital always floods into the wrong little nooks and crannies and it collapses and people say, "See, I was right all along." No, AI is here to stay. It's going to be massive. >> All right. Speed versus intelligence. Have we spent too much time asking how intelligent a model
is and not enough time asking how fast it can think as someone who is is like at the forefront of speed? >> So, I'm uh now that I'm a public market CEO, what I see around me is everybody selling their own book all the time. Everybody telling me what what I should do because it's in their interest. Um I as somebody who builds fast hardware I I we're not delusional that that dumb fast is not helpful to anybody right but what's happened is the the models have gotten so smart and are on a trajectory to continue that that speed has jumped to the four. The open source models are really smart the closed source models are really smart. The small models are really smart. And in that environment, what you want is an answer quickly, right? Um, you know what I what I like to say is if your 12-year-old has been naughty, don't take away their phone. Set it to dialup rate, right? That's a punishment, right?
The getting the inability to get to to to where you want to go quickly is a punishment. And that that shows you how important speed is. And so that that's that's my answer. >> Great. All right. >> I think I think it's one of the most important questions of this next coming year because you know we're seeing with these smaller Chinese models like GLM equal or very close to equal frontier benchmarks, but the parameter count is down significantly a factor of four or more. uh if you can get the parameter count down on a model and have it be just as good at a task and then you can fit it all onto a single cerebrus or a set of 10 cerebrous wapers, you pick up a factor of 10 to 100 in throughput. So the question is if that works, you you got to keep in mind that what we use right now for AI surprised everybody and it was trained on every word ever written by humanity, including every Reddit post,
every Trump tweet, every, you know, Taylor Swift concert. It's all in there. And when you ask it a question, it's like, yeah, I know all about Taylor Swift's, you know, eraser. Like, well, I don't need that knowledge to do this task where I'm trying to write code. I'm trying to design a chip. I'm trying to design a rocket ship. If I can get the parameter count down yet be just as smart within a domain, then it all fits in much smaller memory and it's blazing fast. So, possibility of that is incredible. Sorry, I >> I want to address what Dave said because this is an extremely important area as AI transitions from just data centers to the edge and to edge devices like robotics and even to basically handheld devices which can operate without making cloud calls because here the scale that you provide has to be much less. The accuracy may have to be more. the weight ambiguity may have to go down
significantly for it to match the underlying hardware's ability to execute. >> So all right, my next question is um you've said speed is productivity. Give us an examp 150,000 people who are dying may not die because of that. But let's get specific. give us an example of what becomes possible at 10x uh today's inference speed and what simply isn't possible now um you know maybe you're too busy on the speed and not thinking about this but but people must be saying oh with what you've created I could do this imagine the same intelligence >> but responses are 10 times faster and 10 times cheaper what new applications suddenly become possible I mean this is when we have a symbiotic relationship with technology that you know we just haven't thought of black and white to bring us into color. >> Okay. So, let let's think about what speed does across the the landscape of technology, right? Netflix
began doing what? Shipping DVDs via mail in envelopes. >> CDROM. Yep. >> Right. And then the internet got fast and they didn't become better at shipping DVDs and envelopes. They became a movie studio, right? They were able to bypass traditional theaters and for very little money they were able to get right into millions and millions of homes and they became something fundamentally different. And if you had to wait four hours for your movie to download, that would never happen. That time and time again in our industry, speed has unlocked new ideas and new markets. Right? Coding agents aren't interesting if they're slow. They're also not interesting if they're dumb, but once they're good enough, they're not interesting if they're slow. Personal agents, some of the fastest growing applications right now are uh Instinct and Muse and this collection of personalized agents. If you have to wait
eight minutes for it to order a burrito for you, right? One, you could almost drive there and get it. or two, you can go to the computer, your phone, and you can order it yourself, right? The the ability to execute and do things with AI is fundamental. And if you think of something like the guys at who are doing law or accounting, right, their whole business model is to bill every six minutes, right? Maybe it would be less offensive if they got 30 times as much done in that six minutes, right? Um and and so when when we look out into the landscape, >> calling lawyers offensive, >> uh I I think it's it's an Yeah. Um I I think a billing model of every time you call me is offensive or I call you Yeah, I think that's not good. Um >> fe suckers. >> Well, there some Yeah, sometimes they're really really valuable, but not in six minute blocks. Um, I I I think that that the making of the stuff we
do and even if you look out into your your daily life at work, you know how much time is spent in a in an enterprise taking things out of workday and organizing it so it can go into ADP, right? just stupid like manipulation of stuff from one to another or going from one from Salesforce to your accounting tools. All the all this goes away and quickly and it changes what what our organizations can be and what they are and how we're going to be organized and all all of those are are only made possible if you don't have to wait forever to get it done. >> What do you guys think? um you know he's in the eye of the storm you know building this but you know you guys are futurists and following trends >> I I think speed is directly translated into less human effort to get a far better result it just and and a really simple example of that is the vision transformer like if you wrote code six months
ago and you're trying to put a guey on it so you know what the hell is going on it just flat out gave you garbage and the solution turned out to show the model what it built visually and have it learn to understand what you like. And this the solution there is called a vision transformer. You just take an image and you cut it into 16 by6 pixel little chunks and you pretend each chunk is a word and you throw it right back into the same LLM that read every Trump tweet and you say, "Pretend this is language and just freaking tell me what's going on in this image." Nobody thought that would work, but with enough speed, it just flat out works. So now, if you're building an interface on top of whatever you're building, it actually looks at its own interface and says, "Yeah, I built garbage. Let me work on it again." Okay, now this is something you're going to like. And then when you're talking
to the AI, you're like, "Those buttons are messed up." You literally prompt it messed up. And it says, "You're right. I'll fix them." Could not do that six months ago. That unlock is pure speed. But there are consequences and I'm not a fear-monger but when basically these capabilities are enabling Navia Stokes equations to be solved where Terrence Tao field medalist basically is worried about what he's going to be doing if these tools are going to be solving problems. It is not unfounded that we should take a pause and think about the socioeconomic impact that this is going to have. So if we were designing the AI computer from scratch today and I don't maybe this is futile because you know there's so much we're building on not inheriting decades of computer architecture would it look anything like what we're building now and if we were doing that what disappears first I mean if if you're
building it from scratch for the future all of the matt moles would be photonic for sure uh and then all of the processing between the madm moles would be normal transistor math and >> well basically there are three things you know there is connectivity memory and processing and he's right about the connectivity the connectivity has to go into a photonic regime the question is does compute and memory go into photonic regime we haven't wrapped our brain around that possibility yet completely I >> I think it's really important you you hear what just said and sort Think about it. All of computer architecture is one of three things. We try and make the calculations faster or more efficient. We have to store results and move them to calculations. And then we've got to move the results to some place where they're useful. That's IO, right? That's your core, your memory, and your IO. And everything
we do is on one of those three dimensions. And he just snuck that in as if it were obvious. But you can simplify all of computer architecture into those three things. Right? Our innovations were about how we moved compute, how we move data from memory to compute. We were able to use a different type of memory. We're able to put it much closer and thereby widen the aperture so we could move data more quickly. All right. What Dave's talking about is well, what if we do the calculations more quickly? What if we keep them in the optical domain? That would be super cool. you got to store the results somewhere. We don't quite know how to do that yet. We do know how to move results and we know that if you move results in the optical domain, they move very quickly and for very little power. And so what you're going to see and each time you you you read about a a chip company or a new architecture,
you ask yourself on which domain, which of these three dimensions have they delivered innovation? the cores are faster and more efficient, right? Have they done some sort of innovation on memory or memory bandwidth? Or is this an IO innovation? Are they moving data off chip to where it's going to be used more quickly, more efficiently for less power? And with that very simple framework, you understand all of comput architecture. That's all we do. Turns out it's really hard, but I I do want you to note that the te just snuck that in like it was obvious. What is AI architecture of the future look like? >> I I I think what we know for at least the the next several years is it will be transformer-based, right? I I think that's number one. Um I I think that uh while there are many people who who who can point to the flaws of trans of transformers, we we do now have a dominant design and we have
uh the the leading five or six companies that are pouring huge resources into improving transformer-based architectures. If you unpack a transformer, transformer particularly attention head is a big matrix multiply. Right? So that that's what we've got to understand and get better at. Um I I think there are lots of different ideas of how you might do that. Those will all play out. And the proof isn't in in sort of in marketing. The proof isn't in presentations at conferences. It's can you build it and can you build enough of it that it it can be deployed >> and that's what we're going to see. >> Who are want to point out that you have Daniela Roose over here on the >> Yeah. She has gone in a different direction Andrew basically taking a look at attention at a fundamental level and trying to change the granularity of that attention and it has produced results that show the ability to execute
inference three four times faster. >> We'll take it. I >> so I I I don't want to you know basically completely overlook the possibility that there are ways to address the attention issue without transformers or with something with finer granularity mathematically. >> I that would be a huge win for the whole community. >> That's liquid AI. >> Yeah, liquid AI. >> That's liquid. >> I think there's been you know with the recent Chinese models a big reconciliation between the two paths. So, so you know when we embargoed the chips to from China, they started innovating like crazy on quantization straight transformers quantize reduce the data types as much as possible and it's worked shockingly well which completely changes the speed and throughput the memory everything uh but also the matmals you know because when when the when the transformers were being invented all the researchers are working
in PyTorch on CUDA and they're all using FP32 numbers because you don't even think In Python, you don't think about data types. It just deals with it. So everything's running in FP32. >> Now it's becoming really obvious that you can shrink the the weights and the activations to much much smaller data types. I haven't heard anyone trying to optimize data types since I was at MIT, you know, in in the 1990s. Nobody cared after everything moved up to high level languages. Now suddenly everybody cares a lot. So the Chinese innovate like crazy on quantization changes everything. And that's straight transformers. Meanwhile, >> we starved them of compute and so lo and behold, they found more efficient ways to do compute. >> Exactly. Right. We starved them of Nvidia chips and they innovated like crazy. >> Yes. I was I was in China giving a keynote and after in the in the session in between uh the
keynote and the next speech, one of the guys came over and he said, "Tik I did my PhD at Stanford. Let me just tell you now I'm a venture capitalist. The best thing that has happened to me is that you have shut off uh our availability of uh GPUs coming to China. Now I can start investing. Until now, you know, everything was coming from America. There was no innovation possible. Now we can innovate because you're going to starve us. >> That that's not a partisan statement, by the way. That embargo started in the Biden administration and was accelerated in the Trump administration. There's no party component to this. It's just the entire strategy has forced insane amounts of innovation in China and now we're scrambling to actually backport it. You know, meanwhile in the US, a lot of the research was in states based models, liquid AI being a great example and and that uses FP32 high resolution
numbers. But now, uh, with the new Kimmy models, the K3, you know, it goes normal attention layer, then three KDA layers, which are state spaces, then a normal attention layer, and then three more KDAs, which are a state space. I think that is it very much feels like a normal transformer but it reconciles >> architecture different. >> So so in five years who do you bet on US or Chinese AI architecture and uh add in robots to that after you tell us who's winning in five years. >> Well it it's not not great to say but we're getting clobbered in robots. I mean, I I think anybody who who sees industrial robots as as an interesting domain, if you go to China, where they're so far ahead, it's embarrassing. And it's also embarrassing how far ahead they are in the supply chain. I I to the best of my knowledge, there are zero zero credible US actuator makers, right? And that that's the the most important
part of a robot, the most important mechanical part of a robot. And so we we are certainly not ahead on robots. >> So what about just in general in terms of AI architecture five years? >> I I I think right now what's happened is the uh over multiple generations the closed source models have gotten much better and the gap between them has stayed remarkably similar. call it six months, four months, eight months, somewhere in there that as the the the frontier has moved, so too has the open source edge. And I I I don't see any particular reason why that changes that that Kimmy is four, six, eight months behind uh behind the best of Open AI and Anthropic. And I don't see why that that changes uh in in the next several years. >> The main thing is that if you're behind even by a small amount, the inefficiency that is created actually works against you multiplied many times over when you're working
in the new agentic environment. >> This is >> so you end up basically even if the if the models are free spending more on the compute. >> It's like Yoda wisdom. Exactly. [laughter] >> There are two things, right? And and it it has varied by industry. Um Dell for many years said they were a fast follower and they spent a remarkably little bit of their massive revenue on R&D, an absurdly small amount. Um if you are not on the frontier, uh the frontier can't help you with your next model. And so we did a big deal with OpenAI. We delivered to them the fastest inference compute in the world. And you know what they did with it for the first six months? They gave it all to their engineers. >> All of it. Because it was more helpful to them in accelerating their their own development than it was worth it to them to get revenue from it from from customers. So the first thing is is on the frontier you
are uh you can use your next generation to help build your current generation. The other side of the equation is is uh if you're a uh an innovation taker, you can distill and that's much much less costly, right? You can learn from what they did. And the battle here is exactly there. The Chinese models are heavily dependent on the frontier models for some of their insights and for creating data for their innovations. And so you have two competing forces. And right now over the last two years they've sort of played to a draw and that's a a gap of n months. Ada Love Lace, Einstein, Tesla. Who are the future, you know, Einstein's in the space that we should watch tonight? You're going to go to the AI 100 gala, I assume. >> Yeah. >> Yep. How much business are you going to get done there by talking to the other people that are anointed as, you know, the people doing the stuff? Are you just going
to, you know, you're not the biggest extrovert. Are you going to get things done >> at that meeting? What do you want to accomplish? And then and then who are the people all three of you are tracking right now? Because we need innovators. We can't just become couch potatoes like in Wall-E. Uh we need to figure out what to do right now. Uh and if not you, who? Well, I I think one of the really exciting parts about uh this market is that the most knowledgeable people are just finishing their PhDs, right? A and that in the AI category, right, it's an upside down labor market. Coming out of MIT, coming out of Stanford with a PhD, you are at the absolute leading edge. And if you've been in industry and you have to sit in some meetings every day, and you've got a you're in your mid-30s, which used to be the the peak of a technical career, mid-30s, mid-4s, right? The domain experts are actually
much much younger than you. And that's super interesting. >> They're going to reverse mentor. That's right. That's right. >> Not gonna do some internship with some young Turk. The young Turk is going to make sure you become relevant and not irrelevant. >> That's sort of fun, right? That that's really exciting that that what's happening is we have a a wellspring of insight and of innovation. This is at the AI level. Now, at the chip layer where we build stuff, uh there are tremendous returns to experience. It's hard. It takes a long time to learn how to build a chip, to do the logic, to do the the backend, the place and route, have a relationship with the fab um the IP vendors. And so you you've got this collection of new providing enormous value and experience providing enormous value in a way that that we haven't seen before. >> 100% right. I was going to say exactly that that on the semiconductor
side on the chip side on the building side even the application of modern physics optics etc that experience the cumulative experience is a very very important ingredient right whereas on the other side he's absolutely right you know the young kids who are coming out of school they know so much we are running as fast as possible just to keep up with the latest knowledge Dave, you're thinking a lot about talent. What what's your take on this? >> Yeah, well, the the people graduating right now are the very first to be truly AI native. Uh, and there's no going back once you've taken the red pill. Uh, but if you think about Einstein as an analogy, you know, Einstein was completely unrecognized, sitting in the patent office, coming up with the most brilliant ideas in the history of humanity, and everyone's like, I don't believe it. And so it's, you know, years and years and years later that people
will get discovered and recognized that's not going to be true of this next generation. They're working with hundreds, thousands and soon tens of thousands of AI agents every day. And if their ideas are right, if they solve Navier Stokes and it's right, it's just right. And so I I think that this next generation coming out of MIT, Harvard, Princeton, Northeastern, they're like nobody I've ever seen. Their their productivity, their confidence, their energy is like nothing I've ever seen. And I think there's a tipping point in there where the AI natives, you know, they they they kind of started with GPT3 or two and they've grown with it and they're not going back. And so those are predominantly very very young, super optimistic, hyperenergetic people. So >> Stanford are also not bad. I just want to put in a plug for them. >> Oh, did I miss that one? Yeah. So I want to ask uh about what's the
new Moore's law, Andrew? But before I do, >> um, as we move the frontier forward, what will be going away as hardware? People talked about, you know, uh, everything disappears, ubiquit, you know, when the internet creates ubiquity, and I don't know if we really got that, but I do think we're entering an era where where things do disappear. I I don't know what disappears. I I I think um certainly in a data center the uh the things we use many of them had have not had pressure on them for decades. For example, there's a shortage right now of of generators of gas generators because we use them for backup in data centers. Um, these generators are have had no innovation in 30 years. They're horrible. I mean, Caterpillar, Giver Nova, all these guys. And suddenly, right, we had there's so much pressure on them. We've got innovation happening in in in diesel gen sets, in turbines, and uh in fuel
cells, um, in power switching. All these things were tired, quiet little industries in a corner. And we've got huge innovation there because they're part of the data center supply chain. Um on the compute side, we right now we need more of everything, right? There's not enough memory, there not enough CPUs, there not enough GPUs, there not enough accelerators, um there not enough printed circuit boards, there there not enough substrates, there not enough power regulators. there just you go through the list and um the whole supply chain is is stretched past breaking. >> All right. Tokens, legacy, uh memory, bandwidth. What's the new Moore's law for AI? >> I I certainly So Moors law said we could drop down new transistors about 18 at what double every 18 months. Double >> Tique was probably in the room came up with it. >> I was actually [laughter] Uh um I grew up on the Stanford campus and
William Shockley was my neighbor, right? And Shockley invented our neighbor to him. >> Yeah. He invented the transistor and the only thing we knew growing up was that his wife gave full-size candy bars at Halloween, right? [laughter] That's what it was like growing up at at Stanford. He he was not a nice human. Um his wife was okay, though. Um I I think uh for a long time we haven't been able to ring twice as much compute out of those transistors and then the gap moved from 18 months to to three or four years. But I think right now the models are certainly getting more than 2x smarter every 18 months. And there'll be certainly some sort of architectural graph you can point to to the the rate at which these models are uh are improving in intelligence. And my guess is it's it's not a line, it's an exponential. >> You guys knew Mo's law. the Mors law lasted a long long time because transistors
were shrinking and the type of compute was this exploding range of compute types you know everything from simulation to video games it's huge range um AI is different AI is a couple of very very simple highly scalable operations drive all thinking and so what'll happen I think is you know a lot of people visualize data centers all over the world the whole earth is covered by one big data center that's never going to First of all, we're going to make chips as fast as we possibly can for the next three or four years. Fabs take a long time to build. So, we're constrained in the number of chips. The physical footprint of data centers is a tiny tiny tiny fraction of the earth no matter what because we can't make the chips any faster uh until the new fabs come online. But within four years, we'll discover new ways to compute that are doing these very very simple operations at blazing fast speeds
that will look nothing like a normal GPU or CPU. And so those will come online right right when you know four years from now has come those will have been invented by AI and we'll find we'll find that compute is everywhere is my guess and that you can compute in crystals you can compute in substances you can compute in liquids all these different ways to these do these really three or four simple simple operations that drive all of AI what we'll find are incredibly abundant and then that will drive the next millennium of compute largely probably in space largely you know using a ton of solar energy that isn't hitting the earth uh and that's the long-term horizon but it won't it won't look like an Nvidia rack floating around in space so >> law laid the foundation of its death the moment it was defined >> because it basically was going to come to an end when you reach atomic dimensions >> in
the granularity of what you can produce on silicon similarly the efficiency of tokens are also going to have a death because you can't keep increasing the efficiency of tokens forever. That will slow down also. >> All right. We hear constantly that power in AI is concentrated in a handful of companies. Sitting here in Silicon Valley, does it actually feel that way? And what does it feel like to break into the club? Um, Andrew, and will Cerebras ultimately acquire Nvidia or will Nvidia ultimately acquire Cerebrris? Are you an aqua hire? [laughter] >> I I I would like to make that phone call to Jansen. We're we're we're we're looking to buy you. Uh I I think in many things in life as you get better, uh as you grow, as you learn, your appreciation for for what others have done to get bigger and better grows, right? My my wife and I study Argentine tango and um as we've done this over 30 years,
it feels like uh our distance between us and pros has gotten larger, not smaller because we appreciate a vast array of things they're doing to make it look so good. I think we've achieved a size at at 50 billion, 60 billion gives me enormous appreciation what Jensen has achieved at at five trillion, right? And for me, as somebody who tries to learn from CEOs, it it wasn't CUDA. It wasn't the GPU. Between 2003 and 2013, that company traded for cash as a public company for a decade. They were nobody. And to be a CEO and fight like that for a decade as a public company until the world until you got it right, I for me is exciting. and and and I hold that up as something we can learn from and and be better at and and so that level of grit. And so I I I I don't think that um sort of you get to some size and and you you rest on your laurels. You there always people who are better. There always companies
that are bigger who you can learn from. There always companies that are smaller you can learn from. >> So are you going to sit in the corner tonight at the gala or are you going to network your ass off? Um, the good thing about about AI, you my my mother's a a developmental psychologist and and she came to one of our our company meetings and and uh she she said that that she was surprised that that my social skills were at the top and then she looked around and she said, "Well, it took a room full of high function autistics, Andrew, for your social skills to be at the top." I think we have the advantage uh in our industry, for me anyway, of a lot of guys don't like making eye contact and and so as a result, I I do okay by trying to wander around and bump into people every now and again and and hopefully make a new friend. >> All right, my closing question. You are one of four co-founders.
I think three is a new thousand. What should people be building right now to all of you? What should people be building? We we've talked about the technical breakthroughs. you know, you both have a connection with Shockley, you know, uh, through candy bars or being in the room. Um, what should the next generation be building as we have a symbiotic relationship with AI? I mean, I think the AIS are going to be talking to the AIs and talking to the other AIs, but what needs to be built and what what what what role does human, you know, creativity and intelligence play uh, going forward? >> So, I I have a thought for those of you who are thinking of starting companies. Um, build stuff you like to build. Um, Aik and I have been building hardware when hardware was cool and when it wasn't cool, right? We were cool in the mid to late 90s with the rise of networking. And then starting in about 2001,
2002, we were uncool for 15 years, 16 years. There were very few hardware companies started. But I like building hardware. I like the the the people. I I like the problem. it's a good fit for my mind and whether it's cool or whether other people wanted it at the time. Uh what was was sort of less important to me. This is what I like doing and I like surrounding myself by people who also like building hardware and these are systems chips and printed circuit boards and systems and have a collection of problems. And so I I think my advice is because the world wants ducks. Don't stop being a leopard. I mean, if you're a leopard, go do leopard stuff, and your career will be uh really enjoyable. If you find problems that are a good fit for you, that you're passionate about, and if you keep doing it and you're really good at it, over time, the market will swing in and you'll be in favor. And there'll
be times when you're not in favor, but it won't really matter because you'll be doing stuff you really like to do. So, you know, I'm older than Andrew and uh you know, I I don't build things right now myself. I don't have the same energy as I as is required, which is a lot to build hardware. The energy required is incredible. The amount of effort that goes into detail planning is just mind-boggling. Andrew knows that very well. building not just the compute engine but an engineering marvel that he built at Cibbras. It's just unbelievable. >> Is he going to screw it up? >> No, he's not going to screw it up. He He's done it. He's done it along the way, but his people, not him, but I know those guys also, you know, but I also saw that he they got corrected before the public knew it. But nevertheless now the innovation has to happen in all dimensions because right from the outset in my career
I always looked at workload also. So the evolution of workload which comes down to the work that has to be done on the AI side on the evolution of how that has to be uh built so that it is scheduled so that not only do we depend upon good hardware with memory and and and interconnect and compute all integrated as tightly possible as tightly as possible. We also have to look at the workload being better scheduled across that hardware. >> Dave, you have the last word then we got to get to our next next panel. Okay. Uh in the very short term uh if I were starting new companies which I am actually uh if you look at the transformer layer just below it and just above it just just below it you have performance optimizations like standard kernel is a good company here on university have and there's a bunch of others that are worth two 35 10x in the compute stack which are suddenly worth a trillion
dollars. And then just above the transformer you have chain of thought reasoning is a brand new thing in the world. It's less than what a year a year old. If you can loop the AI productively uh in a chain of thought, it's massively better. So, you got these really tactical opportunities. But in the longer term, look at like uh Laya AI and look at the full cell simulator and think about what Andrew was saying in terms of AI curing cancer. It's going to have the effective brain power of a population of billions. It's going to think at insanely fast rates, but you don't want to constrain it with physical tests because then it just can't move ahead. So, any place you can simulate or create a feedback loop of data is incredibly fertile this coming year. >> So, for time, let's stand up and and uh wave to our audience. You guys, thank you. Um get a lock a hair of this one and let's clone them when
it's legal. Keep up the great work, Andrew. And uh um please uh buy these. How much are they? Million. >> Buy the whole machine. >> Buy or buy the whole machine, not just those.