Yesterday we spent the whole day talking about what these machines can do. Chips, models, agents, companies. Today I want to start somewhere else. Every year something that used to be ours alone. Ours meaning uh humanity alone moves to the other side of the line. Writing, diagnostics, diagnosis, design, code, conversation. And every time it happens, we do the same thing. We say, "Well, that was never the important part." Anyway, the real thing that makes us human is over here on the other side of the line. Um, so the question that opens day two with this distinguished group uh is is a little different. what these what these machines can do uh is extraordinary and um so I have three people who have who who are very well uh positioned to kind of weigh in on where we're going. Vanessa um measures what AI can do can actually do with the data at Stanford HAI. uh Yunav um has spent decades thinking
about what machine intelligence means and he also helped uh initiate some of the the um the index that that I think is going to be referenced here. Uh and he's zooming in from uh or Google meeting in from Israel. He's the only speaker uh of the 120 panels that we're having zooming in. But that's because we really wanted to have your voice uh as a founder helping to run um AI21 and uh and we wanted to weigh in uh have you weigh in from Israel um different time zone showing we're global uh and we have uh Satish at Dell who sees what's uh what happens when thousands of companies um put this kind of mentality to work. So let's start on that line and where and see where where we are right now. All right. Uh, Yav, uh, was was part of the early effort behind the AI index, which Vanessa's team in HI published today. So, we have two generations on the same project. That's kind of cool. All right.
What has AI already crossed that you once thought was uniquely human? Uh, and did we even notice when it happened? Who wants to take that first? >> I'll I'll go for that. Um so the I think that going back to about 2020 when uh GPT3 was launched and that uh first uh glimpse into how good some of this uh language technology is. previously writing and language was really an understanding was really thought to be such a human thing and and I think everyone at that time when we saw what GPT3 could do um was quite surprised that's when at HAI um the institute for human- centered AI we uh coined the term foundation models we started a center for research on foundation models um to really understand how that these uh models will impact the world around Yeah, I think the one we take it for granted is uh I'd probably say trust. Um I mean a lot of these things are very highly uh you know computational
engines and we seem to trust the outcomes much much more than you know we were 3 years ago. So a lot of the outputs now when when I see the stuff it's pretty close to what's the real thing is. So I think if anything has changed I think as a our level of trust in some of the outcomes are producing I think that's impressive. >> Y do you want to weigh in? >> Um when we started the index uh uh it was an offshoot of the AI 100 project a decade ago. um those intuition that things are happening at a fast pace and we better track them uh on an ongoing basis uh uh we we little do did we know how fast the pace would be. So on the one hand uh I'm constantly amazed by what modern AI LM and systems build around them could do. On the other hand, um uh they uh it's a totally open question whether what they do uh is in some way mirrors human traits. Um I have uh I had a um a a a freshman seminar I used to
give at Stanford called can computers think can they feel? And I would ask six questions. Can computers think, understand, feel, be creative, um be conscious, have free will? And what's interesting is um first of all is it was a an excuse to get the students who haven't been corrupted yet to really think freely about, you know, what machines can do. But at the same time, what is it what do these things mean in the first place? And what does it mean for us, for example, to have free will or understand? understanding is something that I've been thinking a lot over the past two years and I have more to say about it but u uh it's interesting that even defining what does it mean to understand something is a pretty uh slippery kind of uh subject. >> Great. So I have a ton of questions. Uh we're just getting started. So Vanessa um the the AI index that you oversee where you you're tracking a number
of things. you're using data to kind of um compare things year-over-year. Where's the g biggest gap between what people believe AI can do and what the evidence actually says AI can do? >> Yeah. So, there's a concept that we highlight in the AI index called the jagged frontier, which is where the same AI system can be very very good at one task and very very bad at another. So um for example while the NAI model this past year passed or got a gold medal on the international math olympiate a competition that generally humans compete in around math. Um it also cannot tell time on analog clocks very well. Um in the AI index we track uh many many different benchmarks. Um they've evolved over time. Um but this idea of yeah the systems are very good at one thing and not good at another um is quite stark. Another example is coding and agents. In the past year we saw um these AI systems beat many of
of the benchmarks um testing agents. Um at the same time in robotics there was a new robotics benchmark that was released this year called behavior that measured how well robots perform on uh everyday common household tasks. and it got a a 12% on that benchmark. So, the real world is still quite messy. >> So, Yuave, you're kind of like a Yoda type character in the AI world. I I I mean that as a compliment. Um, what's happening now that generally surprises you and what's happening that everyone else finds extraordinary that you think we're overreacting to? Um I think the um the thing that uh I think we are guilty in AI of using illdefined and uh imprecise terms and building mountains around them. Uh AGI is not a thing. It never was, never will be. It's not intelligence is not one thing and it's a it's a total total red herring. Um I uh so I think the total overreaction to that uh I think there
is um probably um uh the the thing that this is wearing more practical hat. The thing that I think people don't realize is the gap between experimentation and deployment in the enterprise. uh and I think my my colleagues on the panel can probably speak uh to this uh more but uh there's a ton of experimentation and discussion in the boardrooms and in earning cold and so on uh and there are some deployments but because of as Vanessa said the jagged intelligence the unpredictability it's there are many applications which being brilliant 95% of the time but not just a little wrong but to total garbage 5% of the time is a nonstarter and I think people by and large underappreciate this gap that exists. Well put, Satish. Um, you're part of the tech 50. You know, Dell is a major player. Uh, a lot of tech companies are not AI native. They're having to figure out how to be, uh, how AI is a competitive
advantage versus a competitive disadvantage. What are companies actually deploying versus what they are announcing and how big is that gap? >> Um, the gap to your point is there, but I think it's kind of narrowing quite a bit. Um and you know as part of my role you know one is I we I have a front seat into what how we are actually leveraging AI within Dell to drive a lot of transformations. Um I also talked to a lot of our customers uh mostly fortune 50 fortune 100 customers. Um it's definitely accelerating in terms of where we can you know leverage AI within both within the corporate but I think the the biggest thing is you know there used to be times when companies used to basically you know f nobody's fine tuning anymore right companies used to basically validate the models look at accuracy so I think the models are so good right now the one thing is the there was a time where everybody
was waiting for the latest I think that's gone so like you know we use whole bunch of frontier models and n minus one minus2 models indel a lot of those N minus2 models are actually good enough. So I think companies are trying to figure out exactly what's important for them, what kind of workflows are actually going to make it really, you know, what's important for their business and starting to apply them. We do the same thing Intel um and I think that shift is already happening. uh and every customer conversation I have uh interestingly right um we we we you know we are again we have AI products right we are big in compute and storage and that's Dell uh we are in the we are an infrastructure player but increasingly I would say a lot of my customer conversations when I have they actually ask me about okay what are you doing about AI within Dell as an enterprise so my conversation is not
really not about the products my conversation is about what we are doing and how we are transforming Dell and I think you know um applying it to the major workflows and stuff has been impressive. I think the gap is absolutely closing. >> Great. I I have a bunch of interesting questions that I'm going to throw out there. Feel free to pass if you don't want to go on the record. You know, we are recording this. Um is there something we should never let machines do even when they can do it better than we can? And who gets to decide? And you know, we have three different perspectives on this. Who wants to kind of weigh in on that? So I'll make one comment. I think that the what we need to consider is what happens to the humans when we give that power over to the AI and before doing so need to think holistically about that. So for example um in education if AI can teach very very very well a particular
concept what are we then what are the humans then missing out on and when we learn we're learning also how to work with other people social skills all these different things at Stanford a lot of the faculty are talking about how students aren't coming to office hours anymore so what is that what is it doing to kind of the peripheral things that we didn't quite think about when we're deploying AI. Um, and is that kind of the unintended consequences that we want to have? >> So you guys, is there something we shouldn't let machines do? >> Um, I would say at the end of the day, accountability, um, you know, machines can do the work, but I think as humans, we are still accountable for the outcomes. Israel. I mean, you know, >> um I think that to me the question is it's um I mean one is tempted to speak about you know uh they shouldn't be able to allow to take human life. They shouldn't be able
to just intermediate persontoperson communication. I believe all of that. I think and at the end of the day the question isn't legislating it away but really accounting for how machines and humans coexist and how we re we humans retain ownership control and accountability. So I agree with Satish on that. Yep. All right. If AI keeps improving at the pace that it is, what should we start teaching an eight-year-old today and what should we stop teaching? I mean, this is getting really into, you know, like uh go going up there uh about our species, but 8-year-old future 8-year-olds, next generation 8-year-olds, now that we have the symbiotic relationship with this incredibly powerful technology, you know, maybe it's an intelligence. Uh Yoda said, "No way. Agi is not not what we think it is." But but as we think of the next generation, how do we prepare them for this world that is moving so fast?
corporate >> corporate um I would say be curious uh I don't think that's uh anybody will disagree uh critical thinking um and if if you know lot of I would say uh the people aspects uh we still need to talk to each other >> how many employees work at Dell today >> um don't quote me on it I got to look at the S3 probably somewhere around 80k >> 80,000 so 8 years from now or 20 years from now when the 8-year-old y old is part of your workforce. Is your company a fifth the size? Is it one person and it's a virtual company? It's all AIS or are you 10 times the size? Because those eight-year-olds are going to be the future leaders. >> Do you have a do you have a strategy for that? >> You're going to get me in trouble now. >> No, no. And feel free to pass. I just But but these are things that I think I mean >> someone's planning for. >> Yeah. The way I think about this is you know I mean I'm a
Gen X. So I started during when internet boom was coming. There are a lot of things which probably you know I I was doing in core build labs when I started a requirements gathering and development work was probably you know sitting in a committee in a table going through this nobody does this anymore so I I do think these workloads are shifting and the way we do things are shifting so I think my 8-year-old will figure it out but I think to answer your question about D I think look at the end of the day corporations are transforming and I think we are going higher order so basically that you know if AI can do some things then that you don't do that work nobody's using typewriters anymore right that's the way I I saw an interview with David Solomon what like maybe a couple months ago. Yeah. He was telling you know remember what his comment was. He basically said well look when I started in
Gulman you know somebody will come and say okay you know map this chart you know stock chart for the last 3 years and it'll take six analysts over half a day to chart plot right today you can do that in 10 milliseconds that you're still there right so he's like just our work work shifts >> he he went to my college and I knew him because he was part of the alumni meetings and I saw his career go like this and the way careers are going to go like this is going to be very different with AI because people are going to get an advantage because when they sleep they're going to have 250 50,000 agents working on their behalf and the whole future of how people navigate their their careers is going to change as a result and AIs are going to be talking to AIS and I think corporates need to figure out that. All right. Um Yuav, what do what do what do eighth graders uh what are eight-year-olds what should
we be anticipating on on how to bring eight-year-olds into the world? I think um uh a a job category that has always been important but takes on extra importance now is product management. uh the uh interpolating between what the technology can do and what the need is uh is um is now super important given how powerful the technology and super hard given how complicate and opaque the technology is. So I think the set of skills that it takes to be a very good technologyoriented product manager is something that I would in instill in people from very early on and it has to do with curiosity. It has to do with understanding people product design but also being versed in technology. So it's not this threatening uh piece kind of uh black box that you have no idea what what it's doing. >> Great. So this panel is a human threshold. What's your take on you know I think you have a 8-year-old or or
a little younger but you're probably you're in the zone. You're thinking about this stuff. >> Yeah. Uh I have a >> monosur and not let not letting the kid touch the technology. >> I mean I do think that young kids need to learn how to work with each other. Creativity I agree with. Um and so yeah, nothing much to add. I I think that also uh the the design element now that we maybe not five and 8 year olds but as they get older the design element we can build many things. Now it's the question of should you build it and why should you build it? >> Um is an AI a student in your Stanford program and do you have a plan to take AI as a student and and if you want to pass or no comment uh as >> not that I'm aware of. Okay, great. All right. Is AI making us more capable or simply making us more dependent? And how would we know the difference? Who wants to take that one? And I have a few more. These
are kind of just quick reactions, human threshold type questions. Well, I can chime in. Um, I think technology has always been both. It's made us more capable but uh in general and less capable in specific things like we don't do mental arithmetic as well as we once did and we don't navigate uh uh without technology as well as we once did. uh but um uh the what we haven't had so far every technology challenge us more than you know than before and the question I have I don't have the answer is whether AI will continue to challenge us intellectually in new ways or make us lazy intellectually. I think that's a big question for us and obviously these days in connection with the math uh open math problem being solved and mathematicians ringing their hands about this I think is a very important topic for us as a society. Anyone want to weigh in? >> Uh I agree. I mean it absolutely is making it
more capable probably more productive. Um you know I started driving when there were basically AAA maps you have to do you know you have to know what exits. I don't think my kids can drive anywhere today without a maps you know Google maps. too. Um, is it making him more dumb? No, I think he's becoming more productive, leveraging, you know, doing whatever he needs to do. I I definitely think there is a productivity aspect, but I also think it's making us more intentional. I think that's the part which probably we need to improve on is like maybe, you know, there are things which technology can help do. So, it makes us, you know, much more much more intent driven. >> Great. Um, I have three more questions. 20 Did you want to weigh in on this one? >> Yeah. 20 years from now, what is the one thing you hope is still uniquely ours, humans? Um, you know, you guys are being more philosophers on
this, but uh >> um Okay, I don't know if this is any I hope that we can still do the things that bring us joy. So, um whatever that is, it's different for everybody, right? Maybe it's helping other people. Maybe it's hiking. Maybe it's um create doing art, um music, all of these things. I hope that those things that bring human >> you don't hear a lot about is how AI can unleash the creative and and I think uh we're worried about AI taking jobs, but maybe AI can be a multiplier of those things and help help us create better humans because you know a lot our societyy's shifting so dramatically. Yeah. >> Before I go to the next question, either of you want to weigh on that, weigh in on that. 20 years from now, >> I have a phrase that I thought I'd read in the unbearable lightness of being, but um I can't find it, so maybe I just made it up. And it's that the hardest thing is to know what to
want. I think when I think kind of uh something that I would really hope that we hold on to as humans, as people is taking ownership of our aspirations and being very deliberate intentionals about what are we aiming for, what we optimizing for, what we care about. That's a drop the mic moment. Well put. All right, last uh second to last question. Millions of people are beginning to talk to AI. I think Gen Z trusts chat bots more than they trust doctors for medical. I don't know if that's in your report and don't quote me on that, but I I've heard that a number of times, so it must be true. Um, uh, not to, but as a companion, confidant, tutor, or therapist, what happens when machines become emotionally important to us in a major way? Can a relationship be meaningful if it's only one side? If only one side is human. So this is my second last question, but you know weigh in on that. There's
a human threshold as we have this symbiotic relationship with technology. What does that imply? >> So I'm no psychologist so I'm going to divert my question to the trust thing. Um we do have data in the AI index and I mean this goes to like how different people trust AI in different ways um that around public opinion. So we highlight surveys um from Pew that show in the United States our trust of AI that the trust that it will the benefits outweigh the drawbacks is very low like 30 40%. Versus other places around the world Taiwan, Malaysia, China that trust in AI is much higher. And so it goes back to some of the conversation we're having is there is a lot of opportunity with AI, but if we don't trust it, then we cannot see that opportunity. And um there are concerns as well, but being able to see both of those with eyes wide open and figure out when and how to trust and do the studies and
the research to understand what happens when people trust AI like character AI more than working with a human. Like what does that mean? can help build that trust so that we can deploy it in the right ways. >> Either of you want to weigh on on that before I ask my last question. >> All right, I'll go to my last question. My last question is what do you uniquely know that no one else knows that you haven't told anyone or you can't tell anyone that in this intimate setting you want to share? Uh, I mean, I think, you know, AI was a technology. Marvin Minsky was a neighbor of mine. I went to his house. He's the one who coined the term AI. I said, "Why'd you come up with that term?" He said, "Well, a bunch of us went up to Dartmouth um, and we were talking about cybernetics and we wanted to get a grant from the government to give us money." And so he said, "I coined the word AI. I could have called
it BI, but I thought AI sounded scary and that they would give me money for it." Uh so that's the genesis of AI and it's artificial intelligence but it's also really augmented intelligence and and it's taken on a life of its own but it's gone back 75 years and it's just now that the data sets are there or the infrastructure of the internet's there that we're seeing what people intellectually knew was coming and it's gone from a technology to now this is a societal thing. What do you uniquely know or what are you uniquely excited about or or batshit scared about and can't sleep at night that you have never told anyone but you want to tell us now? >> Well, I'll jump in just because I can't let go of this mention of uh Marvin Minsky coining the term AI because I've always told that John McCarthy uh coined the term. >> Well, so the two of them ran that and that was going to be my closer. the
two of them ran that that conference and then John came here and founded the AI lab at Stanford. So, it's fitting that that this is a joint effort between our labs. But yes, you're right. I agree. Um they were both obviously giants. Um the um so now I'll tell you what you don't know. Uh and that's you've been thinking about it all wrong. You're asking what is the relation between us and AI, us and machine. But the truth is within uh not a very long time uh certainly within 50 years but maybe 10 uh the boundary between us and machines will be uh totally uh invisible. whether it's because we speak with data centers uh you know through our brains or we have uh AI machines running through our bloodstream speaking with our uh with our nervous system um and so the real question is who are we when technology is just part of us and we are part of technology and that's the part that I find you know
you know it'll force us to ask you know what is free will for example in this world and uh I find it both fascinating and scary. >> Yeah. Know 10 to the9 nanotechnology. You just you know said the bloodstream. Um you know I don't know if we're doing justice to this topic but everyone in this room and everyone in our society should be asking these kind of questions. Uh because we are going through this metamorphosis and what does that mean? >> Um I'll give a non Yoda corporate answer. uh uh you know a lot of companies spend a lot of time in validating the models trying to figure out what to apply within their workflows what workflows do you apply um I'll tell you the latest and greatest frontier models it doesn't matter you don't need to have the latest and greatest uh you know and a lot of people don't know is most of our company del transmission we use n minus one n minus2 models so what
we call is good enough a lot of models are really good enough they have come a long Okay. So, you don't need the latest to actually go transform your company. And if you want to talk to me offline, I'm happy to do that. But that's what I would say. Don't wait. You don't you don't need the greatest. Right. So, like somebody told me earlier, you don't need a Ferrari to go grocery shopping. All right. So, >> you have the you have the last word, Vanessa. >> Stressful. Um, so I will set us up for our next panel. Uh I think that we should be all looking at the field of science and how AI will be uh really augmenting scientists and the discoveries that we're able to have in the next few years. >> Great. And um Vanessa publishes this HAI index which you all should uh track in April. It comes out. They do like a road show around the world kind of sharing it. And I think it's needed more than ever.
And you know, thanks for your leadership in helping to kick it off a generation ago. uh and we love collaborating with with Stanford and we have a lot of MIT DNA uh but this is really a societal issue and and today human threshold kicking off today kind of shows our values and we need to start thinking about and I don't know if I totally tapped into the sentiment of this last week because I think there's been a lot of talk uh but this is a beginning of a journey that we're all stakeholders in and we all can be leaders and in Wall-E a bunch of people that were couch potatoes just not really active and I don't think that's the future we want and I think we need to be proactive and by having a corporate perspective, a Yoda perspective and a practitioner who's tracking all this perspective shows that we got to understand the different vectors that we're on as we uh as we journey. So, thank you.
This is a kickoff 8:30 in the morning. You're all here. Let's go.