the market is under-estimating the scale of transaction activity that will take place 10 years from now. It could multiply 10x, 100x, or more as we move into a world of agentic [music] finance. I think it's orders of magnitude bigger. >> For investors trying to position themselves in this very convoluted world, should they be looking at the tokenized assets [music] or the underlying rails that make the whole thing possible? >> That's a great question. If you as an investor want to benefit from tokenization, you have to own the infrastructure that makes it happen. That means owning high-performance layer ones like Ethereum and Solana [music] that serve as the basis for tokenization. It means owning Oracle providers like Chainlink that help connect [music] blockchains to the real world. >> Now, we are seeing obviously the biggest names really take on this technology full steam ahead. Is this
institutional involvement validating the technology or does it risk [music] steering tokenization in a direction that looks a lot like the current financial system? >> Oh, great question. Both is the answer to that. You are seeing, however, parts of Wall Street trying to do effectively regulatory capture on how this spills out into the world. Ultimately, I think the technology will win, but for sure banks are trying to capture some of that value themselves in a way that doesn't help end investors. >> One of your more recent [music] clips that went pretty viral was your Mount Rushmore. But one in that four [music] that definitely stands out as unique, of course, is Chainlink. Spot Chainlink [music] ETFs went live December 2025 with Bitwise's going live in early January. [music] Since then, we haven't seen a single week of net outflows. What do you think that signals? >> I think it signals
that investors get it. It's such a critical piece of the infrastructure. Right way to think about a blockchain like Ethereum's or Solana is it's like a really powerful Excel spreadsheet on a computer that's not connected to the internet. But if it wants to know the price of a stock or the price of a bond or the value of a currency, it needs a bridge or a link to get that data. So, if your thesis is more real-world assets are going to come on chain, they effectively all have to flow through and interact with Chainlink. >> I do want to play devil's [music] advocate. When new technologies emerge, they tend to increase efficiency, but also concentrate power among the biggest players. What makes [music] tokenization potentially different, and should we expect the same outcome? >> It's a great question. I think the thing you should hope for is not that it gets to perfect, but that it gets to better.
But, you're right to point out that there will be downsides. There will be new risks that emerge as well. I think that that is just true. >> Hey guys, just real quick before we dive into this amazing interview with Matt. If you haven't noticed, we have one subscriber on this channel. Now, if you're not aware who I am, my name is Ryan McTollo. I used to run the Crypto [music] Fiend YouTube channel in 2017 all the way up to 2022, where we had over 100,000 members. [music] Since then, I've had the amazing opportunity to make content alongside people like Nicholas Merten [music] over on Data Dash, as well as do production for people like Gary Cardone, as well as Scott Melker [music] over at the Wolf of All Streets. Now, we're going full circle, and we are back on our own channel. So, if you love journalistic deep dives and great interviews, this might just be the channel for you. Now, I'm not
going to ask you to subscribe right now because I feel like that's something that needs to be earned. So, throughout the duration of this video, at any point [music] when you see the subscribe button pop up, if you feel like I've earned your subscription at that point, go ahead and hit the subscribe button so you don't miss out on great interviews and deep dives like this one. All right, thank you for joining Matt. So, when people hear tokenization, it can kind of sound like a buzzword, you know, but at a fundamental level, what is the real problem in global capital markets that tokenization actually solves? And do you actually believe we will reach a world where the most most of the financial institutions and assets live on chain? >> Yeah, all assets are going on chain. So, I'll answer the second part of that question first cuz it's very easy. Uh you don't have to listen to me. The The chairman
of the SEC says all assets are going on chain. The CEO of BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager, says all assets are going on chain. And so, when I say all assets are going on chain, I'm in good company. To go to the former question, the problem that tokenization solves is that our current financial infrastructure is built like from the 1920s. Uh stocks settle T+1. Uh behind the scenes, the the the system that allows stocks to settle is this complex Rube Goldberg-style contraption with a half dozen different names and money shuttling here and there. Um stock markets trade, you know, 6 and 1/2 hours a day, 5 days a week. That's just not the world that we live in. The world we live in is global. It's instant. It's 24/7 365. And it's not possible for the existing ecosystem to speed up to that. Uh sort of moving that forward would be years and years and years of work. Tokenization allows
all that to happen instantly. It allows assets to move 24/7 365 on a global basis with instantaneous settlement. It is the email to the the traditional snail mail for securities movement, and I think it's fait accompli that it's how all assets will move in the future. >> You've clearly been uh probably the biggest advocate for tokenization. Um especially as of recent. So, if tokenization does really grow into a multi-trillion dollar market, one thing that one thing that I think um you would agree with that is insanely overlooked is that a lot of the opportunity opportunity may not actually sit in the assets being brought on chain themselves, but in the infrastructure that connects blockchains to real-world tradfi systems. So, for investors trying to position themselves in this very convoluted world of uh blockchain and tokenization, should they be looking at the tokenized assets or the underlying
rails that make the whole thing possible? >> Well, that's a great question. There are marginal benefits to you to owning a tokenized asset. You can trade it 24/7. It's easier to get a loan against it. It's more useful. But, if you tokenize an ETF or you tokenize Tesla shares, at the end of the day, it's an ETF or it's Tesla shares. That's the bulk of your return. Yes, it's a little more functional. Yes, it's a little more flexible. But, really there's not a big difference. If you as an investor want to benefit from tokenization, you have to loan own the infrastructure that makes it happen. That means owning high-performance layer ones like Ethereum and Solana that serve as the basis for tokenization. It means owning oracle providers like Chainlink that help connect sort of blockchains to the real world and provide real-world information back to those blockchains about tokenized assets. And
it means owning the companies that are building aggressively in the space. This is a once-in-a-generation or once-in-every-three-generation upgrade in the world's financial ecosystem. Every time that happens, there's massive opportunities. And And as an investor, you want to position yourself to benefit from that. >> One of your uh more recent clips that went pretty viral was your Mount Rushmore. I thought it was great. It really hit the nail on the head for I think what um a lot of people are trying to figure out what's relevant, what's not. Maybe there's more relevancy than just the four that you picked. But one in that four that definitely stands out as unique, of course, is Chainlink. And one thing that I've seen recently that is pretty fascinating, you know, spot Chainlink ETFs went live in December 2025 with Bitwise is going live in early January. Since then, we haven't seen a single
week of net outflows even with the poor sentiment that we've been having the last few months. What do you think that signals? >> Yeah, I think it signals that investors get it. It's such a critical piece of the infrastructure. Right, the right right way to think about a blockchain like Ethereum's or Solana is it's like a really powerful Excel spreadsheet on a computer that's not connected to the internet. It can do amazing math, amazing calculations. But if it wants to know the price of a stock or the price of a bond or the value of a currency or the outcome of an event or what day it is or anything else about the outside world, it needs a bridge or a link to get that data. Chainlink has by far the dominant market share in that market. It's something like 70 to 80% market share providing that link between these blockchains and the real world. So if your thesis is more real-world assets are
going to come on chain, they effectively all have to flow through and interact with Chainlink is it's such a powerful story and people are making the bet that this is a fundamental piece of how global markets will work for the next 30, 40, 50 years and it's trading at a valuation of like six or seven billion dollars. I mean, it's really relatively small. So I think that's very attractive and I think that's why you've seen the consistent, steady, small, but building inflows into those products. >> Now, another clip of yours that went pretty viral was um you recently mentioned that one of your buddies over at BlackRock announced that um they want to bring all of their ETFs live within 12 months, I believe. If tokenization works the way we believe it will, what does the financial system look like not even 12 months, but 10 years from now? What changes for everyday investors? And what would make
them realize something fundamental has shifted in their everyday lives? >> Yeah, first I have to warn you that there's no off button. In the TradFi world, it's kind of nice that markets shut down at 4:00 on Friday and you can have your weekends off and then come back at 9:30 on Monday and start again. One thing will shift is that that's not true, right? Markets will trade 24/7, 365, and you'll have to have systems to deal with it. Now, I think that's a net good for the world. If there's a big geopolitical event, you can reposition your portfolio accordingly instead of waiting for the markets to open, but that will be one big change. The other big change is that all of your traditional assets will be able to access the things that are available in DeFi today from a crypto perspective. So, something that I think will happen is people will start taking more loans against their existing assets
or using those as an asset or resource. You can do that in TradFi if you're wealthy. If you have $100,000 or a million dollars at Schwab, you can take loans against your stocks in certain circumstances, but DeFi makes that very easy. So, once we're in a tokenized world, I think the kind of services that the wealthiest investors to get today in traditional brokerages will be available to every investor through DeFi protocols, and I think that will be pretty exciting as well. >> Yeah, you you really um flowed into my next question here, which is some of the most powerful ideas behind tokenization is that this could open markets globally allowing somewhere anywhere in the world to own a fractional piece of assets, real estate, bonds, even private credit in the United States. That is massive and I think definitely overlooked. But do you think tokenization could become the biggest financial inclusion
tool we've ever seen and are there any any negative trade-offs to that? >> Yeah, so so the first answer is yes, absolutely, right? It puts that access to all the world's most interesting investments in the hands eventually of everyone around the globe who has a cell phone, which is a remarkable thing and it should let them self-custody those tokens. It's just tremendously opening up and I know many of us who are fortunate don't have to worry about that kind of access, but most people around the world don't have it. So I think that that is a very real thing. Are there downside risks to that? Of course. So one downside risk, which we see in crypto, is that people are still human. So on nights and weekends the market is less liquid than it is during the day cuz people are asleep. And when you have shock events, you can get big amounts of of of of sell-offs, right? Because you're in a low liquidity
environment. You'll also be able to see more leverage build up in the system, which can be valuable for people, but also introduces risks. We see that in crypto in events like 10/10. So it's not like it's wonderful in every possible way. It's both inevitable and better for most people, but some of the negative things we see in crypto around low liquidity events and and leverage blowouts, I think we'll start to happen in the traditional market as well. So that's something people will have to watch out for. Now, we are seeing obviously the biggest names really take on this technology full steam ahead, BlackRock, JP Morgan, many major exchanges. From your perspective, is this institutional involvement validating the technology or does it risk steering tokenization in a direction that looks a lot like the current financial system? >> Oh, great question. Both is the answer to that. So, it is enormously
validating. Those of us in crypto have been arguing that 9:30 to 4:00 p.m. stock trading and T+1 or just a few years ago T+2 settlement is absurd in an age where you can get anything delivered by Amazon in a second, right? So, it seems ridiculous. And Wall Street is recognizing this. They recognize that they have to build on this space. You are seeing, however, parts of Wall Street trying to do effectively regulatory capture on how this spills out into the world. It can only happen on quasi-private chains. It can only happen within a small ecosystem. Uh DeFi uh innovators shouldn't have protection from legal lawsuits, right? You see all of that forces in the lobbying to sort of distort what the Clarity Act is, etc. So, we need to be on our guard that uh the ecosystem that we get is one that is open, that is permissionless with reasonable constraints on things like AML, KYC, and that is truly
advantageous to the people, that lowers costs, that improves uptime, etc. Because there is an attempt in any time there's a disruption for regulatory capture. I certainly see that in the market. So, it's something we should be watching closely. Ultimately, I think the technology will win, but for sure banks are trying to capture some of that value themselves in a way that doesn't help end investors. >> Now, one of the things I love about a lot of the voices in um the crypto and blockchain world is they're They're afraid to necessarily call balls and strikes when they see fit. But financial history does show that when new technologies emerge, whether it's electronic trading or ETFs, they tend to increase efficiency, but also concentrate power among the biggest players. What makes tokenization potentially different, and should we expect the same outcome? >> It's a great question. Um should
we expect the largest players in the space to have large market share? I think the answer to that is that is probably the most likely outcome. So, what do I mean by that? Do I think like Ethereum, Solana, and a few other chains will be the primary layer ones? I absolutely do. Um do I think large asset managers will try to still hold a chokehold on creating assets? I absolutely do. I think the thing you should hope for is not that it gets to perfect, but that it gets to better. So, if you take the example of ETFs, it's definitely true it created a number of large giants in the space. It introduced some distortions into the market with the rise of passive taking up such a place in the market, but it also dramatically shrunk fees, right? From a percent to 10 basis points, and therefore puts hundreds of billions of dollars in everyone's pockets every year. That's a trade-off that I'll make. If
you think about brokerage accounts moving from fixed commissions that were $200 a share to today's zero with Robinhood, there are negatives to that, too. There's payment for order flow, there's all sorts of things in the market, but broadly speaking, that was a net improvement. So, we've always been perfecting this financial ecosystem, and I agree that the growth of tokenization could create some imperfect outcomes. But broadly speaking, I think it will dramatically draw down costs, dramatically increase financial inclusion, and so should we should fight for the benefits, try to limit the negatives. Um but you're right to point out that there will be downsides. There will be new risks that emerge as well. I think that that is just true. >> Now, like I said earlier, you uh outside of you just being with Bitwise, you seem to always have your pulse on the up-and-coming. Is there anything on
your radar that you see in the foreseeable future, maybe the next year, 2 years, outside of tokenization that has your attention right now? >> Yeah, well, I think, you know, for for one, there's a what's old is new again. I think people dramatically underestimate the size, scale, and actually economic opportunity in DeFi. Um I think DeFi had such a boom and a bust that people have effectively written it off. I think many of the DeFi protocols like Aave and Uniswap, etc., have the potential to be a 100x larger than they are today, really critical pieces of financial infrastructure. And then, of course, I'm not the only one talking about this, but the rise of agentic finance I think is going to reshape things dramatically. The one thing I'm sure of in that is that the market is underestimating the scale of transaction activity that will take place 10 years from now. It's not like the existing
market for TradFi assets will be the same size as the market for tokenized assets. Both the number of assets that will be on chain or available will grow dramatically. And then the transaction activity I think could multiply 10x, 100x, or more as we move into a world of agentic finance. Um so, I think people are they acknowledge that agentic finance is a thing, but I don't think they're thinking about what it means from a scale perspective. I think it's it's orders of magnitude bigger. So, that's something I'm thinking about a lot. >> Yeah, I know uh Brian Armstrong just came out pretty publicly online about it, and uh he always seems to be ahead of the curve, so Matt, thank you so much for your time. I really appreciate it.