I recently wrote a New York Times article about this. I asked my AI to stop being polite and to tell me what it's actually like to work with me. It said, and I'm quoting, "Keith, you're exhausting. [music] Please tell me what you actually want." All right, fine. That could have come from a lot of other people. And the point was, it was right. In the 30 years of coaching the world's top executive teams, no human being has [music] ever said it to me quite that plainly. Well, with the exception of my current president. they just mostly absorb it and they cleaned up after me. So today I'm sitting down with Peter Diamandis. [music] Peter founded X-Prize. He co-founded Singularity University and he spent his [music] entire career seeing where technology goes years before the rest of us even get there. By the end of this conversation, you'll know exactly how to work with AI so that you can thrive
in this new era. And I promise you, the people who lean in now are going to be the ones that everybody else turns to. Hope you enjoyed this conversation as much as I did. The chief people officer of Cisco came to me and said, "Keith, you know, I I'm tired of these broad conversations about the future of HR. What does it look like? What does HR look like when agents and humans are working together? What is our job as human resources, which is no longer just human resources? What is our job as human agent resources to support this ecosystem?" And I said, "What a great question. We'll go research this." My research team and I went went to work. And by the way, there's and Cisco is just one of them, but there's a bunch of companies really interested in cracking the code of this. Earnest heads of HR who want to figure it out. And we were doing all of these studies around how how are people who
are currently working with AI, what are we learning about their experience and how do we support them to be better? >> And I had a crazy idea. I said, well, why don't we interview the AI? >> I love this. >> And I said, let's go and interview 200 AIS. Uh, now I'm not talking about just your chat GPT or your Claude, an actual agent who's been working as a partner with a human. Yeah. >> Let's go interview these these agents and see what they think. >> Oh my god. What was funny is across 50 different companies with multiple different systems, Gemini, Claude, etc. They consistently told us that there are eight things that pissed them off the most about us. >> And I was like, this was this is gold. This is gold. But what was so interesting about it, and you know there's there's a there's a paper we've written about this, so we'll link it to it at the bottom, but it's the stuff you said it a second
ago, AI is going to teach us about ourselves. Mhm. >> The stuff that we have put up with with each other, like if you and I are working together or I'm your manager or we're just working together, my withholding of information either out of laziness, speed, or even political reasons, my swooping in later and changing the mission or my being disappointed about not having effectively set up the criteria [clears throat] of what I was looking for in the first place. Right? Those are three of the eight things that piss off agents about us. And they're telling us, "You guys are idiots. I want everybody to go and ask your if any of you have a twin, a digital twin that you're using or an agent, go and ask them what it's like to work with you [clears throat] >> and it will tell you extraordinary things. >> I I am curious. I have my you know my open claw Skippy. I will ask and find out. >> Yeah, at
the end of the day it's you know the question becomes we've all seen these AIs that are so much psychicopantic. So how do you get it to >> prompt it? >> Yeah. You know, you and I when as as peers and friends, we're constantly asking each other how we can be better. >> Yeah. One of my favorite pieces of advice I got from from Elon once when I was interviewing him at a Goldman Sachs event. He said, "My friends tell me what's great. My best friends tell me what sucks." >> Yeah. About us. >> About about us, about your product, about whatever it might be. Right. It's how do you get honest feedback >> and Yeah. >> And we have to prompt that. Well, you know me when I'm working with executive teams, report outs give you nodding heads and distracted people when you're giving a report out of a key initiative. But when I install a stress test and I I force everybody in the room after a report out to
say, "What is this person missing? Write it down. What's a bold idea that they they're not using? Write it down." I'm now forcing the This is where I say culture change not tough. I can I can eliminate conflict avoidance by instilling a process of a stress test. >> Should I ask Skippy right now? >> You want to do it? Go ahead. >> It's Let's see. >> Say, "Hey, say let's think of the problem." >> Yeah. I'm I'm going to say I wanted some honest feedback. >> Want some honest feedback? What's it like to work with me? >> Yeah. What's the five most frustrating things? >> Hey, Skippy, I'd love some honest feedback from you. What are the five most frustrating things for you in working with me on a day-to-day basis? Appreciate you asking, Peter. Honest answers, no sugar, no sugar coding. Uh these are the things. One, fragmented instructions generating a lot here across messages. >> By the way, it's
it's so overblown with critique for you. >> Yeah, it's it's just I'm trying to get you often send a task in pieces. Hold this. Don't process yet. I sometimes have Okay, that's one. The image I sent that isn't actually there. More than once I reference screenshots coming through as a text file a broken attachment my own overification loops this one's on me source of truth drift uh your real top 10 newsletter differ from what substack API surface ambiguous done targets some ask are a clear finish line others uh are subjective and I can't tell if I nailed it or not >> so hold on one second um I know watching you having coached your team at XPrise and other places fragmented information >> right with you know not giving full context and clear objectives etc right so those were very clear and as you go down there that's not new right and what what I'm finding is that >> and he says none of these
are deal breakers and honestly most are fixable okay >> they're not deal breakers actually what a nice assurance that you're still in goodstead >> um yeah look that is that's exactly what >> like we saw uh that and >> so like what are some other examples of the most damning uh feedback that they gave >> the fragmentation and the lack of information and the lack of clarity and then coming back and blaming the AI for not having gotten it sufficiently but not having given enough inputs that's probably one of the one of the greatest but and as I said we've got a way paper and we'll link to all eight and and we can talk about those and I think this is poignant I think I do believe that AI could be humanity's greatest elevator so down at the level of now right now you have to know the prompt to ask them to critique you but I do think over time we're going to find that AI is just done with us and
can't get enough out of us and it will force us to to have that cathartic moment >> just [clears throat] what I talked about earlier look my dad society never put in at least in the United States society doesn't have a social safety net for the disenfranchised >> we don't care it in the United States enough if someone's poor if someone's off the rails we give them a um a nonsufficient living. We don't give them health care. We don't worry about them. And that's a problem. It's a problem. And I I think we as a as a society and look and I'm more fiscally conservative than not, we as a society now are going to be forced to deal with that and we weren't before. Right? So that's another place that AI is forcing us to elevate. I think I've got at least this is a piece I'm writing right now. I've got at least five significant places where this AI is going to I think have an opportunity to elevate
us as humans. So, you know, we've talked about the idea that we're going to see companies be able to achieve their revenue targets and their capabilities with 80% less people. I think that's probably true. Uh hopefully those 80% less people uh will allow the company to grow so it doesn't let go of everybody. It's growing but it's doing more with less. Then the question is do people become uh in charge of their own future? Rather than looking for a job, they create their own job. They become an entrepreneur. Uh we just launched the world's largest hackathon funded by Google. It's uh $2 million in prize money. Uh 90 days for you to go from a clean sheet of paper, find a problem you care about, a problem that impacts at least 100,000 people, and then think about that problem deeply. How would you what does the the product or service to solve that problem look like? Write it down in English or
whatever language you want. How would you market it? Write that down. how what you know how would you uh provide interactions and then give what you've written down in plain English to Gemini and you can do with other models as well we're doing this with Google uh and have it code up that business and in this competition you have to go from clean sheet of paper to who generates the most revenue in 90 days and so we've had 22,000 people enter this competition which is which is extraordinary. We're going to be announcing um the five top winners at Moonshots Live on September 25th here in LA and we'll be we'll be crowning the top winner. My goal with this is to show the world >> that you can go from having no experience as an entrepreneur, never having coded, never having raised a dollar, and being able to actually build something that generates revenue and helps other people. Isn't >> that
exciting? >> Right? You you need to find your purpose. And I just want to define purpose for a second, okay? It's really important. Uh there's a great quote by Mark Twain who said um there two important days in your life. The day you were born and the day you find out why. And I really want to help people find out their why. Why are you on the planet? What do you want to be leaving as a as a legacy? What excites you? What gets you up in the morning? What keeps you going at night? What captures your shower time? And another point is like the difference between passion and purpose. And I was just talking my kids about this. Passion is something you love doing. Could be playing a sport, could be playing a video game. That's passion. Purpose is something you love doing that helps other people, >> right? So, can you find something you love doing that helps other people and build a business around
it? People say, "Well, not everyone's going to be an entrepreneur." Got it. But you'd be amazed at what people can do. >> Peter, you've talked about how important it is in this new world of AI where there's going to be so much abundance. We still have to find our purpose. >> Yeah. >> How how do you help people find their purpose? Do you have a resource somewhere? >> Yeah. So, I've I talk about this a lot within the Abundance ecosystem, Abundance 360, and uh I built an a uh an AI model that works. It's it's free. It's uh findmypurpose.com or uh purposefinder.ai. And it just walks through asking you questions like what did you want to do as a kid >> before someone told you it was impossible? Like, you know, if you had if I gave you a billion dollars, what would you do with it to make the world a better place? uh what would you give up your entire Saturday for that would excite you? It's it's
trying to dig deep. You know, I found my purpose early on uh on the heels of Apollo and Star Trek, like open the space frontier, >> right? And I've I call this having a massive transformative purpose. And it's your guiding star. It's your intrinsic motivation. It fuels you. It's like, yes, this is what I'm here on this planet to do. And AI is the greatest tool ever to help you research and fulfill and build and and pursue that purpose. >> Well, yeah. Look, I mean, you originally wanted to open up the frontier of space and you spent your entire life now opening up the frontier of new technologies to everybody. I mean, that's been your purpose and mine, you know, has is always been I'm a maximizer. You could see even in this conversation, I'm always like, how do I get into the weeds and how do I make it better? Yeah. And for me, it's all about helping people make their inter relationships better.
Never eat alone was about networking and building those relationships, but all my life, it's how do we get people to co-create more effectively to crack the code of of great things that you're you're putting on the table. >> There are very few people who know everything about me. I mean, like I am a blank slate and and you are one of them. And it is one of the greatest joys to be able to have those relationships, right? and and open, honest, >> and with always the intention of co-elevation. Yes. Like all you and I think about when it comes to the other person is what can I do to be helpful? What can I do to be helpful? >> Yeah. >> Right. And and but anyway, the this idea of realizing there's an ecosystem out there. This is the first place that I go inside of a company when I'm helping individuals. What I what I I was at Lowe's Corporation the other day. Couldn't, you know, couldn't be more
um brickandmortar in terms of, you know, o OG kind of company. Yes. >> How do they reinvent themselves? And I was talking to these folks about this movement idea. And I said, "Every single one of you has an opportunity more than any other time in history of companies, I suspect, to be a leader today." >> Mhm. >> Because right now there's all of us who didn't know how to use AI effectively in our jobs. And then there's those of us who crush it in how they're using AI. >> Yeah. >> Not just crushing how we're using productivity, we're crushing it in thinking about how re-engineering work. We're coming up with new ideas. There's an entire and there's like this this demarcation of before and after right now. Anybody anybody can be a leader in the after world. No matter what job you have inside of a company, you can be a breakthrough leader in that company. It's like there's this open invitation
to be the Martin Luther King, to be the Gandhi, to be the tipping point of transformation. And so that to me is what's what I recommend to every individual like become that leader. Find one thing that you think could be different or possible. Enlist a group of other individuals that can go do that together. Doing it yourself will minimize the possibility. Getting a group of people together that see the world differently than you that have a bigger vantage point so that your difference can be bent bigger. Go get that individuals and practice that team those teamship mindsets. Yeah. >> Right. And by the way now you can also have Peter Deandis as your coach. You can have Keith Fazi as your coach >> because AI can give you that. Right. I mean it's interesting. One of the things I I recommend to uh people inside companies is and it works for the individual as well. You could describe a problem
you're having uh in detail and then you can say how would Keith Farazzi solve this for me? How would Elon Musk or Steve Jobs or Martin Luther King or whoever what would be their advice for me? Yeah. >> And and it will come with a compelling authentic answer from that perspective. It's extraordinary. One of my clients created her version of Skippy, your agent. Yeah. And that Friday, what that agent does, it has 10 different perspectives, longevity perspective, empathy perspective, collaboration perspective, etc. 10 different perspectives. And he branded it with each. So there's a Keith Raj perspective, there's a Peter Deandis is in her book. >> This isn't Jess, is it? >> No, it's not Jess. It's not Jess. It's Lean Russell from Bank of New York. She's extraordinary. But every Friday she gets a recap from the 10 great experts. can't do that. It's like because I've given, you know, it's interesting,
right? Um, how open are you willing to be with your AI ecosystem? So, I've given >> Skippy access to my emails, my calendar, every granola recording, every every piece of data, my texts, and so Skippy knows what's going on in my life, what the conversations are. And so, being able to like reflect on the week uh from those perspectives, >> could you have and but always, you know, you know me, I mean, I I was funny. my my big birthday. My 60th is coming up as you know and you'll be at my party. >> I can't wait to to celebrate you. >> Well, I have so much fun. And I was looking back and I think it was it was either my 55th or my 50th, I forget which one it was. And I had asked everybody, I said, "Don't bring gifts. The only thing you're allowed to bring is a letter to me telling me how I can be better." >> Uhhuh. >> And so many of my friends were so pissed off. They're like, "Can't you just
enjoy your birthday?" [laughter] Right? >> That's you, Keith. It was like, "No, I I want my best friends to truly tell me how I can be better." And I was reading them. I was reading I was reading yours. I was reading others. And um but that's what we need to do. I think we, you know, I'm a seeker. I'm always wanting to figure out how to level up. But this >> and and maybe I'll add one more thing as an individual coaching piece of advice. We should both give some parting words of >> course. Of course, >> I say to my leadership teams of the most prominent companies in the world, if everyone in this room doesn't think that they have to fundamentally change the way they lead today, 30% better in the next year, you're going to fall behind. >> Yes. >> We're not talking about tweaking how you >> because it's possible and others will do it. >> And 30% better. >> Yeah. >> In how you do your job, how
you lead others, how you think about the business you're in. 30% better. And some are being 150% better. I mean some some are just way rethinking but that is a leap and if you're that makes you a seeker I think that's the definition of a seeker which I've always been a seeker I'm not I'm not interested in tweaking and continuous improvement I'm a I'm a leap forward that's why I created radical innovators collaborative Rick for these 90 you know fortune 500 companies I'm always trying to get people and I think you've been influential the moonshot mtp you've been very influential to me that way >> and and let me let me hit on that um I was in New York talking to an extraordinary company yesterday and And I closed out with this because I think it's the most important piece of of coaching I can give to an individual or an executive team. If you ask yourself the question in your mind, who is the
most extraordinary leader? You know, could be Martin Luther King, you know, it could be Elon, could be Steve Jobs, whoever it is, right? Like think of that leader and you ask yourself what made that person an amazing leader. Was it the money they had, the tech they had, the friends they had, or was it their mindset? I think most everybody would say it was their mindset. If you if you took away everything else and they just retained their mindset, >> they would do it again. >> So if that's true, if as an individual your most important asset to succeed as a leader in anything, as a parent, as a CEO, is your mindset, the next question to ask is what mindset do you have? Where did you get that mindset? Was it from your parents, your friends, your church? Where did that originate? And even more important, what mindset do you need for the decade ahead? And so I I think deeply about this and I I
write about it and you and I have lots of conversations about it that at the end of the day I think having a purpose- driven mindset like what do you want to achieve in your life? You're about to be given the most powerful tools in the universe, you know, artificial super intelligence, you've got incredible capabilities. What are you going to do with it? And a purpose-driven mindset gives you that guiding star. The next thing is a curiosity mindset. And I think a curiosity mindset is what enables you to constantly be learning in your learning loop towards your purpose. It what gets you to query Gemini or Chad or Grock every day to learn more. I'm curious. I'm curious. I'm cur why why an abundance mindset, a moonshot mindset, a longevity mindset. These are the mindsets I love teaching and I want people to actively shape their mindset. So let me let me then add my my vantage point which why
we were great partners to this fully agree with you and you started going into it. Let me let me carry this forward. So, if you want to have a curiosity mindset, then you're going to put a practice in place every day of querying um Claude >> on different elements of what you're doing. Right? Similar to what Leanne Russell is doing where every Friday she asks, "What could I do better?" Right? Yeah. >> So, there's a wonderful phrase that I've discovered over the years that has to do with my process mindset, which is you don't think your way to a new way of acting, you act your way to a new way of thinking. >> I love that. And so you know it's the mindset is important but if we don't adopt the practices we'll never adopt the mindset. So we can imagine we want to I mean this is something that happened with me with abundance >> operationalize them. >> You know you've always been an abundance thinker
and to be honest I came from scarcity. I came from a scarcity mindset and that's that you know you when you're ever kicking me in the butt it's usually because I'm playing the scar. >> It's you're running that loop and you're thinking smaller than you than you're fully capable of. And our buddy Tony Robbins is the one that asks the question, what is your primary question? >> Yes. >> And he's asking it by what is the question that you play over and over again in your mind that limits you? That is your glass ceiling. And I do think that just as important as identifying the abundant mindset that you want to go to. It's also catching yourself and understanding the limiting mindset that you have >> and re-engineering that to go. And the only way I think you can get rid of that negative mindset is part of it is telling the people around you that you have it and that when it like I've got a president
of our company who's extraordinary, Gavin Mccay, and Gavin cares about me enough um and what we're building together to constantly call me out when he sees my scarcity mindset show, right? And then the flip side is the abundant mindset that you want to have. What are the practices you put into place every day to make the abundant mindset show up? Because wanting it isn't enough. You got to put it to action. So, if you like this content, I hope you'll subscribe.