Hey everyone, Tasha Keany. I'm here with Daniel Maguire and today we're going to talk about our updates to our embodied AI and space research for our big ideas report to start with robo taxis. So Daniel, talk us through this graph. >> Uh really what this graph uh represents is just uh one of the rationale behind why robo taxis are starting to proliferate around the United States. So today uh in the US, Whimo really leads the way as it relates to a commercial robo taxi service. They're completing over 500,000 driverless uh weekly rides uh with the intention of scaling that to 1 million driverless rides per week. Uh and we believe that is uh largely thanks to the safety of robo taxi. So uh following Whimo's disclosures, we believe that Whimo's operations are now safer than uh the average national accident rate in the United States. Uh when you look at what Whimo reports on police reported uh
crashes relative to the average in the US. Um and really that just goes to show uh the importance of robo taxi proliferating. Not only uh is it a lot more comfortable uh it also has the intention and uh possibility of saving a lot of the thousands of lives that are lost in the United States as it relates to vehicle crashes. Um but re really uh that's kind of specific to Whimo. taking a step back at the US land landscape. Tasha, um when when you look at Tesla, they are really starting to scale their robo taxi operations. They are operating now in seven different regions. Uh I personally tested the service in Tampa last week and it was really a seamless experience. I'd encourage everyone to test it if it's in your local region. We always say seeing is believing. Um and this comes at a time when Tesla is rolling their cyber cab off the production line. So this is their purpose-built robo taxi
with no steering wheel, no pedal, no wing mirror. Um, and it's really an exciting time in the US for robo taxi as Whimo, Tesla, others like Zuks are are really starting to to compete. >> Yes. So to put it in context, why do we care um that robo taxis have crossed this threshold? Um well, you know, Whimo's in 14 cities now, Tesla's in seven cities operating robo taxi service. Um and this year was a great expansion year for both. I think Tesla expanded to something like a handful of cities, say five or so throughout the year. Whimo added, I want to say nine cities. Um and if you think of how regulators look at this issue, it's going to be quite important for them to be able to prove that they're safer than human drivers. Um this is of course uh a big part of our thesis on robo taxis. We think the ultimate driver of adoption will be price that they can undercut um human-driven ride hail prices
and expand the network. Um but of course safety is paramount here. Few other things that I'd like to talk about. In general, you know, we choose to look at the national average human accident rate. Many of the robo taxi companies um have already proved that on like a a physical injury uh basis or if you drill down to sort of specifics of the worst crashes, the ones that actually harm us or uh you know do a lot of damage. Um they're they're already much much safer. Um but if you just zoom out and look at uh national average human accident rate, you know, regardless of who's at fault, um I think it's very important to to note that they're also surpassing humans there. Um, so robotex is already safer um than than humans. Now it's just a matter of how quickly will it take to scale and expand the service. You know, Daniel touched on a couple points here. Uh, this year we got some positive signs
from regulators. Um, Zuk's got some positive approvals recently. Uh, we saw that um, you know, officials were saying that they will allow cars without um, pedals or steer steering wheels going forward. That's important for cyber cab production, of course. Um so there's a lot of like green flags that we have in the space here but uh you know we're still early days in robo taxi expansion and I I think this will this year and next year will be a pivotal year uh to really see that um take more share from human driven radill. >> Great and so a lot of the discussion we we've just spoken about is really specific to the United States. Uh but but taking a step back there is also robo taxis proliferating around the world. So uh in China you have players like BU we ride Pony AI all who are starting to scale in China but what we've really seen this year in the first seven months of the year is a lot
of those Chinese players taking their solutions from China where it's extremely price sensitive market and very cost competitive uh to markets such as the Middle East and Europe where there's a greater pricing umbrella. Uh so you have the likes of Wii ride, PonyAI uh as well as BYU who are starting to proliferate around Europe. Um and really what this this chart is trying to demonstrate is the state of affairs today. Uh and when you look at fleets of robo taxis that are operating and testing today, as we mentioned, Whimo really is in the lead globally. However, it's important to note the point around autonomous capable vehicles. Uh so Tasha, would you like to explain to the viewers what what do we mean by autonomous capable? >> Sure. So, this is Tesla's suite of customer cars that they use as little mini R&D centers to collect information to train the fleet and how to drive better. Um, it's
important to point out because although Tesla's only in seven cities, they actually have driving information from really all over the world, everywhere that you see Teslas drive. Um and uh you know of course better information I would say in in areas where um full self-driving is approved but um you know all Teslas are equipped with cameras that track accident data and collect information on the specifics of the road they drive um to help train the system. So this is a unparalleled data advantage that they have um that we think they can leverage to scale their robo taxi fleet. Um and and you know Daniel pointed out the price difference uh just to elucidate that a little better. You know in western markets the average price of red hill is two $2 uh per mile or above. Uh you know in China that's 50 cents uh per mile or or even lower. So um you know there's quite a bit of of difference in terms
of pricing power um where these these these companies operate. Even though China is very progressive in pursuing autonomous technology, um just from an economic perspective, it'll be harder for companies to make money there. Uh so we're focused on the US, we're focused on the western markets where again there's just better uh pricing dynamics. Okay. And now uh moving on to autonomous logistics. Um there's a lot to cover here. Uh many different form factors that we think can uh you know, we just talked about transporting people. This is transporting goods. this can be done with robots of all shapes and sizes, but we decided to focus on drones for this update um because there's been so much that's been happening in that in that space. So, Daniel, take it away. >> Yeah, sure. So, I think a risk of stating the obvious, it's important to state that autonomous logistics and drone delivery is here
today. Uh very often we come across people who I think it's a state of play in the future, but it is operating today around the world. Um and to talk about maybe some of the updates we have seen since our big ideas report at the beginning of this year. Um firstly as you can see top of the chart is zipline they recently surpassed 2.5 million cumulative autonomous deliveries. Uh they are now starting to scale their platform 2 drone which is a smaller form factor than the platform one where they operated in Africa making a lot of deliveries for medical purposes. uh this is a a different solution that has a smaller uh baby drone or a droid coming out uh really targeting residential uh drone delivery. Uh in addition then in the US Walmart is a very large player here. They recently announced over the last several weeks that they have surpassed 1 million autonomous drone deliveries that was largely
uh contributed by Zipline but also Alphabet's wing subsidiary which is their drone delivery solutions. Um Walmart has uh very aggressive ambitions here. So for context, by uh 2027, they're hoping to be in 270 different Walmart locations, giving them access to over 40 million uh Americans. So for those of you watching, if you don't have access to Walmart drone delivery, I'm sure it'll be uh on your doorstep uh in the coming years. Uh this is also against the broader backdrop in the United States where competition is also heating up. uh you have mana drone delivery who is scaling its operations that it started in Ireland and now really focusing on the United States uh but also some of the traditional aggregators Tasha we saw last week uh that uh Door Dash announced its in-house drone delivery program and they also got the FAA part certification 1235 which enables them to operate airline like
services for drone deliveries. So really it's it's starting to heat up in the United States. You also have players in the rest of the world like Maittoan and China who are also scaling in the Middle East. H and it's something that we're really really watching closely. But maybe Tasha if you want to add like why do we care about drone delivery? What will it do to unit economics and why should customers care? >> Sure. Um so Door Dash here if you look at the um the average price that people pay for food delivery in the US it's about 30 bucks. About half of that is the meal itself. The other half is fees and other markups. Um, so there's actually quite a high price ceiling. People are actually paying double for their food just to get it delivered for the convenience of getting it delivered. It's really um an amazing uh business model that the Door Dash and others have proven here. Um, so I think,
you know, very uh very notable that they are choosing to verticalize here in drones and start their own in-house effort. Um, we're excited to see how that plays out. And ultimately, we think that drone delivery could lower the price of delivery to say just around a dollar or less or more likely it'll be looped into the item that you're purchasing. So, you won't you won't actually see it. It'll just be uh, you know, in in the markup that you see for the item itself. It'll seem as if it's free, much like free shipping happens today um, with Amazon and others. Um although as I mentioned Amazon you can notice it's at the bottom of the graph here and they haven't made as much progress in in drone delivery uh you know considering their uh decade uh decades old announcement in in the space. Um so I I think it'll be an exciting year to see see Dash and and others uh compete in this market. All right.
Um we've talked about uh delivery of people, delivery of goods. Uh now we're moving on to robotics. Um sort of a broader manufacturing focus. maybe eventually home robots. Um but uh you know if you look today at the fleets that we have, this is the cumulative um produced robots in different in various categories. We're looking at humanoids and quadripeds. Here you have roughly uh you know 40,000 quadripeds, maybe 20,000 humanoids out there. Um there's likely many more companies I should say that that are not featured in these graphs that exist. Um in China there I think there are hundreds of of humanoid manufacturers. Um but uh the the overall picture here is uh we think the uh capability of this technology um could be very meaningful. We think that this could be a 20 trillion plus market in humanoids alone split between home robots and manufacturing. Um but it is just much earlier days than
things like uh autonomous driving. Autonomous driving is a a defined um environment where there's like rules of the road. It's a arguably like a simple operating environment, although we've we've learned over the years that it's still a very difficult problem to solve. Um, humanoids just are a lot more complex. You know, some of our past research has estimated it's 200 thou,000 times more complex um than solving for uh fully autonomous driving here. So um it's a it's a harder technology bar to pass and uh it's also more difficult to collect data because uh you can you know get state approval to drive on public roads and collect information on driving whereas to get um manufacturing information you know you need to be located in the factory. You want to roam the factory like kind of long before the robot's capable of doing much. You want to collect that information. Um so it's just like a
I would say a steeper hill to climb there. Um, one other thing I'd point out is that although many of these robots exist, it's it's a different question of like how many of them are actually deployed and with customers. I think that'll be the the interesting um piece to look out for here in the market. We see a lot of companies um with with announcements of um how many robots they've produced. I I think the actual deployments are where you know that's what really matters the commercialization point. Um we see many robots existing in China. One other thing I'll point out in these graphs, although uh you know we have seen that the um technical ability of these robots is still quite low. Um they they tend to be dancing. They're um greeting people in lobbies or um performing like uh like vocal tasks sort of as you'd interact with like a a chatbot sort of thing or an LLM um versus the uh more
difficult complex like physical tasks that we expect them to do in the future. Um so and the supply chain actually needs to be built out um as well for the for this industry. Uh you know China is is working on that. We've seen we've seen a lot of news news out of um that country but uh you know we know companies like Tesla have talked about that this is just an entirely new product so it's going to be slower to scale. Um so you know topline picture here we're very excited about the opportunity 20 trillion plus. Um it's still an early market and uh you know we love seeing all the demo videos come out of of these companies. figure just had a couple demo videos that they they published recently. Um, and what I think again will be even more exciting is seeing those deployments at customers. >> Uh, last topic here, we've we've talked about embodied AI. Let's talk about something that will launch
AI into space. Daniel, reusable rockets. >> Yeah. So, uh, it's been a very exciting, uh, first half of the year for reusable rockets. And it would be remiss of Tasha and myself to sit here and not speak about the SpaceX IPO which really captured not only the space industry but the overall public equity markets. Uh so unless you've been living under a rock but SpaceX h went IP or IPOed uh during the year. Uh they IPOed at just less than $2 trillion in value raising roughly $85 billion of capital. Uh and we've said this many times before that we believe SpaceX has a 10-year lead on the industry. They landed an orbital class booster in 2015. The closest competitor Jeff Bezos's Blue Origin completed the same feat in 2025. And since publishing Big Ideas, China has also joined that exclusive group. So, you know, well, why does that matter? Well, rocket reusability really cuts launch costs and opens
up the space economy, not only for SpaceX, but all of the industry. Uh, and we estimate that SpaceX has cut launch costs by roughly 95% since 2008. uh and that has really opened up the space economy. Uh and really what we're trying to demonstrate with this updated chart since big ideas is how dominant SpaceX has been. So if you look at all active satellites in Earth orbit today, SpaceX represents roughly twothirds of all of those. Uh that's thanks to its Starlink internet connectivity service where its constellation is growing weekly. It's uh close to surpassing 11,000 active satellites uh and provides a service to over 12 million subscribers. So really this is all enabled by declining launch costs uh and was really a notable point of SpaceX's uh IPO. Uh and then Tashi, you mentioned about uh launching AI to space. Really uh another critical point of SpaceX's IPO and its S1 was orbital data
centers uh or as since they've rebranded to uh Star Mind as they call the AI satellites. Uh and it the SpaceX identified a 28.5 trillion total addressable market. Over 90% of that relates to AI. Um and really that was underpinning the whole IPO story. Uh and in our big ideas we we mentioned uh orbital data centers and how Starship thanks to full and rapid reusability was critical for unlocking that market. Um but what we're trying to show here with the second chart is uh upmass to orbit. So at the beginning of the year we uh demonstrated the amount of upmass that has historically been sent to uh orbit in 2025. that just uh surpassed uh 3,000 tons, metric tons. Um however, since big ideas, SpaceX as part of its intentions to launch a million satellites to uh orbit supporting its AI ambitions has provided a projection of how much up mass it intends to send. Uh and by 2032, SpaceX intends to
launch in that year uh roughly 1,000 times not percent 1,000 times more upmass than 2025 uh the industry sent. So that's over uh just approaching two and a half million tons orbit. So these figures are are crazy. As you can see with the animation, the initial historical estimates aren't visible on the second chart just to show how ambitious SpaceX are as it relates to their AI initiative. Um, and then maybe lastly, Tasha, if you'd like to speak about maybe the growing constraint we see in the launch market uh as some of the teaser SpaceX had as part of their S1 relating to the future of the Falcon 9. >> Yes. Um, so you know, as Daniel mentioned, SpaceX is lowering launch costs. That opens up opportunities for many space companies. Um, but in the launch category specifically, uh, with the focus on Starship, um, they are, uh, discontinuing, we've seen that they've discontinued the ride share
program for Falcon 9. Um, they're really opening up that category for other launch companies to come in. Um, so SpaceX will dominate, will likely continue to dominate, um, in terms of UPMASS. Um, but they will focus more on the Starship program which just has uh much higher payload capacity than say the medium uh would you say Daniel medium to small launch capacity category. >> Correct. Yeah. Um and really from Mark's perspective it it highlights the importance of vertical integration. Uh there's some satellite providers now who are really struggling to get access to launch in the 2828 2029 plus time frame. Uh so that's why like players like SpaceX or uh Rocket Lab who uh recently announced its intention to acquire Aridium Communications uh owning not only just the launch but also the payload that's going into it is is really important as access to launch becomes uh increasingly tight following
uh the Blue Origin explosion in May of this year. So re really that's kind of all of the update for reusable rockets. It's uh really exciting and something that we monitor very very closely and uh going forward for the rest of the year. We're going to play pay very close attention to the development of Starship. That's critical to the SpaceX thesis and really underpins the whole AI story as part of its IPO. >> Great. So continue to follow us on X and look out for more research from us and our big ideas presentation next year. Thanks everyone.