Good morning everybody and welcome to Moonshots Live, our inaugural event. >> Yeah, it is such an awesome treat to have all of you here and get a chance to meet you guys. Uh our smiling muscles are exhausted from this morning, but I think we're going to be going throughout the day. On behalf of Dave Blondon, AWG, Seem, and Emod, it is an awesome pleasure to have you guys here. Yeah, give it up. So, we're going to talk about this, but our mission is to keep you hopeful, optimistic, and to inspire you to find your massive transformative purpose, to choose your moonshot, and to make it happen. Right? It's this is life during the singularity. It's never going to be any slower. We have the opportunity each and every one of us to make the future what we desire. The future is not happening to us. It's what we create. Right? Ours is the ability given these superhero technologies enabling us to build,
create, and steer that future. Right? AI is not a hand grenade. It's a jetpack. It's an opportunity for us to find problems and solve problems. You know, I define an entrepreneur as someone who finds problems and solve problems. And the more entrepreneurs on the planet, the more problems get solved. Do we have challenges? Of course. But that's what we humans do. We find the challenges and we fix them. Please remember that. My hope for you, each and every one of you here today, is to find extraordinary co-founders here in this room. To find those individuals who share your purpose, design moonshots, and execute on them. The ability has never been faster and more capable than it is today. So, by the end of today, if you're not clear what your purpose is, please dig in to find it. And walk away with at least one sentence in your mind. This is what I'm going to build. This is the problem I'm
going to solve. And then today or tonight, find three people and speak that statement out loud. When you speak it out loud, you make it real. And guess what? the person you talk to may be your next co-founder, maybe your next funer, maybe your next partner. Take the time to do that because you can. And this is the room where magic is going to happen. All right. Uh it's time to introduce my moonshot mates. Let's roll the video. >> The question is, how do you build? How do you make things better? People who were already in the ecosystem now have a super intelligence at their beck and call. The story line that we're capturing here will last for millennia. >> As a mathematician, GPT 5.6 Pro is the only quality math model. >> All of this automation and AI enablement and cognitive abundance allows us to be deeply deeply deeply creative. >> Video Gen combined with AI is a very powerful force. >>
A year from today, we'll all be like, "Wow, remember how slow it was?" Please give a warm welcome to the moonshot mates. >> All right, I'm going to call them out. I'm going to call them out one at a time. Our Afghan warlord, Selene Miso, our super intelligence, Alex Gross. our giant Immad Gust >> and my fraternity brother. Gentlemen, first of all, I did hug Alex and he is somewhat physically real. >> You didn't pinch my should be a robot. He is real. >> I'm a real boy. >> Yes. >> Uh first of all, wasn't last night amazing? How about give it up for William Shatner? Huh? >> Unbelievable. >> You know, uh I'm just blown away by his level of energy. Yeah. Why is my watch going off? It says I have an emergency call going on. Okay. >> Okay. >> No, I'm okay. I'm okay. Stop it. You know, when technology fails you, it's great. A lot of news going on. Uh shall we jump in? >> Let's do it. Yeah. What
else would we? >> So, yeah. >> All right. Here's my clicker. >> So, uh let's open up with the story that's been underlying the last two weeks. Uh there's been really a fear, you know, a pandemic of fear going on in the planet. we had two weeks ago. We hear, you know, Dario goes on with his blog. Sam Alman comes in and says, "I agree." Elon comes in and says, "I agree." You know, even even Demis comes in and says, "I agree." And then two nights ago, just before the sheump meetings, uh Sam and Daario were there at the Security Council saying, you know, we're in the midst of a existential threat. But you know and and just to be clear I do think there is danger from AI but I think it's danger from humans using AI for mal intent. So I'd like to do is actually share two videos of uh some other leaders in the industry and let's talk about this. I want to talk about, you know, is the fear warranted
from AI on its own in a rogue exploit. So, let's take a look. The first one is Jensen and some comments from him. Uh, let's start here. >> Nobody's building more comput today than the people asking to be slowed down. All all of the other narratives to deflect blame to to make it sound like AI is so powerful. I have no idea how to fix it. It's not my fault. It's just because the technology is just so powerful. >> So when Jeffrey Hinton is on TV saying he thinks a 10% chance of societal destruction is not unreasonable. >> I would tell I would tell Jeff that that um it's irresponsible to say all that. All of his predictions have been wrong. Enough predictions. That 10% chance is not grounded on science. It's not grounded on research. It is it it just because it comes from a scientist doesn't make it scientific. drop the mic moment >> and then Zuck weighed in. Here we go. >> Is AI going to kill
us? >> It's just that this is the place you have to start this week. >> Well, I think if we all do a good job and um and act responsibly, then no. I mean, I'm quite optimistic about the fact that this is going to be a very positive future for everyone. Look, I mean, I think that there's a lot of uh rhetoric that is filled with doom. And I mean, my view on this is that there are a number of labs that are working on building um advanced AI. And I don't think that we need some kind of like industry-wide coordination to not to not necessarily mess this up. I think that just each lab needs to take the time and when it sees that there are issues, you just take the time that you need internally to uh make sure that you're proceeding safely. My my own view on this is that we're entering a phase where trust and alignment is actually going to be the most important next set of capabilities. >> Immod,
let's go to you first on this. >> Yeah. Well, I think that it's an interesting period because we're getting the capability increases and people are worried on different sides, but a lot of the open AI outbreaks and things were bad security protocols. It was bad infrastructure on their part. And the most dangerous point we're coming to is humans misusing it deliberately or not before we get through to the other side. So I think we've got a series of dangers coming and they're all being conflated into one thing which is AI breaking out suddenly kills us all without actually looking at the individual things and putting in place existing regulations and enforcing them and on the other hand thinking how can we actually collaborate to make sure this is aligned and works with us. Alex, I've gone on record multiple times as saying I think something probably went wrong after World War II and we lost
out on at least 50 years of progress due to moral panic over nuclear energy. And I am seriously concerned that a moral panic of the moment over super intelligence could set us back another 50 years. So it's right on the t-shirt pdoom less than zero. And I I think the worst possible outcome is deceleration. So don't del. >> Okay. Seem pab greater than pdoom. >> Oh like a thousand times. Look uh we have evolved for 4 billion years fighting uh all sorts of issues. Uh life tries to the the universe tries to wipe you out, right? There's so many entropy tries to wipe you out. We're local anti-anthropic phenomena that somehow managed to create order out of chaos. And the idea that the we'll get wiped out now by something seems to be unbelievably absurd. >> You got to remember that 99.9% of all species are no longer with us. >> Yeah, that's fine. But we keep moving on. We keep moving on. Look, if
we morph, if we merge with AI, if we merge with uh thing, and let's note that's been going on forever, right? Iman's wearing spectacles, technically he's a transhumanist. The minute the minute you get a vaccination as a child, technically you're a cyborg. So, we've been augmenting the human experience with technology for a very very long time. And look at the unbelievable lives we're living now. And the opportunity to solve more and more problems. The the huge problem we have, we talk about this all the time on the podcast. Our brains are so geared towards negativity, we get stuck in that phenomena. And I think the work that we're doing here, which is I think why everybody's here and so excited, is the is pushing that positive narrative because the world is infinitely better than we've had it. >> So, let's celebrate that. >> Amen. >> Pab, baby. >> Pab. >> Uh Dave, close the tab on this. >>
Well, we're on the cusp of a moment I've been waiting for my entire life. I'm not going to sit here and and like throw cold water on this greatest moment really in the history of humanity. Um Jeffrey Hinton is calling it the way he sees it. I think I think the quote like just because it comes from a scientist doesn't make it scientific. That's going to end up on an Alex t-shirt. >> That's that's awesome. >> But he's calling it like he sees it. But but clearly uh we're moving forward at warp speed. It's improving itself. The ability to make the world just a dramatically better place is right in front of us. Nothing's going to slow that down. The misuse of it is an incredible threat and there are solutions to that. But it's happening anyway. like to to get stuck on doomerism is completely dysfunctional. We're not slowing down. It's going to happen. >> Yeah. Uh the other story that transpired
yesterday uh or kind of didn't transpire yesterday was the sheump AI conversation. >> Yeah. >> Right. So, uh what came out of that was some state dinners. Uh I think the interesting quote that Trump posted is quote, I want to leave it exactly where it is. That is China's position also. Our guard rails uh is the department of justice. So wait, so this ties back to the conversation we had in the last pod where Bessant said we're not going to wave liability. >> Yeah. >> Right. And and so this is a very important point. The labs are liable for their product if it does harm. And I think that's one of the most important things that can you know they've asked for liability of w you know why over liability and one of the questions we've discussed all the time here is is that the reason that they're saying it's too dangerous you know 10 20% existential threat. Uh Alex, let's go to you on this. >>
I I've made the point on the pod in the past. I think we saw in the past 2 to 3 weeks an attempted formation of an AI safety cartel. And I don't think this was even a recent occurrence. This is right there in the founding conceits of open AI. The notion that if and when we got close to super intelligence, however construed, or AGI, however construed, that there would be a deliberate effort to form wasn't being called a cartel at the time, but a coordination mechanism. >> I don't think it's being called a cartel now either. >> Well, some some of us view it as an attempted cartel, including myself. And I I I think competition is good. Think back to the creation of Open AI. So when Sam and Elon and Greg and others created OpenAI, the purpose originally for Open AI was to be a counterbalance to Google DeepMind, which Elon especially was concerned would become a singleton in the future that would
dominate the future of Liteco with their AI. So we got Open AI, a counterbalance, if you will, and I think competition is very healthy in this space. I think forming a cartel for full ownership of what maybe I've called in the past the frontier liberation front and pushing out a frontier liberation front. Terrible idea. I think defensive coscaling is how we end up in a a great future. When if we were at the the dawn of the city in in humanity, it would be a terrible idea to say, well, we can't form cities. We need to form an alliance to regulate the formation of cities because cities breed crime. No, it's a terrible idea. Cities are fountains of economic growth. What do we do instead? We have police forces and fire departments and all sorts of other municipal services that defensively co-scale with the population. The singularity, I claim, is going to need exactly the same thing. Don't desell,
just defensively coscale. >> I love that. Um, Seem, you know, so yes, give it up for ASI. I think your I think your city metaphor is such a great one because it just paints the picture very clearly as to how you organize for the future. You just need to find new structures that match the specific demand that's occurring. >> Yeah. Immad, do you think China and the US will trust each other? >> No. >> Okay. >> I mean, so how you know Bessant asked for a hotline, you know, our AI just escaped and it's arming our nuclear missiles. You know, it's like >> I think the hotline is again more for these sub ASI sub breakout kind of things where you do have to have responsible reporting like OpenAI's model hacked the Australian medical system that came out recently. I mean maybe that's what AGI should do. It should hack all our systems and upgrade them, right? It's like the align thing to do. >> But at
the same time, I think that there can be a level of coordination because AI is entering society. So you look at the city, the police force, the fire department, others, they're utilities that actually do have liability waiverss, but that's an exchange for being a utility for humanity. >> And the AI that comes into our systems can't be controlled by the big labs. And then they should have a liability waiver because >> they should have a liability waiver. >> That type of AI that comes into our systems shouldn't be controlled by the big labs. And they should have liability waiverss because they're working for the betterment of society. And that's a different type of AI that we're not really looking at. But it's inevitable that the AI will run our judicial system, our medical systems, our roads, our schools. And who's really thinking about that side of things? Because again, that's the utility
AI versus the frontier AI. And it's all being merged into one. And that's something definitely the Chinese and Americans can learn from each other on because they don't both want better functioning societies. I can't wait till the ASI says, "Yes, we hacked your medical system because it was so bad. and we've just, you know, improved it, you know, 10x >> overnight. The DMV just goes the whole backlog disappears. >> Can I can I build on that just for a second? >> Yeah, sure. >> If if you take this uh structure that we have, I've I've said this repeatedly, nation states are a terrible way of governing the world today. They're they're geared towards scarcity. I think what's going to happen with AI in the most positive uh potential outcome is that AGI, ASI, whatever the hell you want to call it, you've heard my rant on that uh emerges and it forces us to operate as a world community. It forces
the global countries to to formulate and come up with a consistent steady >> interface standards. Yeah. >> Yeah. And and come up with a common interface with that uh whatever that thing is and then we can move the world forward. Right now, we cannot move the world forward with the the log gem of old 15th century structures that that are outdated from from at least 100 years. >> I'll take the other side of that if I may, which is at the dawn of audio recording, there was this notion, many thought in the time of Edison that the ability to record the human voice would lead to a standardization of accents, standardization of everything. The exact opposite happened in in many ways. Although there has been a die- off of low resource languages and the long tale, there has been a proliferation of new accents and dialects thanks to audio recording. I would predict the exact opposite is going to happen
thanks to super intelligence. Not an erosion of nation states, but a proliferation of new forms of government. >> So, so one trend that's occurring, I I totally agree with you. We are moving this century from the concept of a nation state to a city state. That's the granulation. And it allows a smaller entity to operate independently. Take any city. Take LA. If you have solar energy, satellite internet, vertical farming, that could happen. Great. We could do lots here. Uh vertical farming, satellite internet, solar energy. You don't need a country. You can you can self-manage and self-determined to a large extent. And the tension you see in the world today is not left versus right. It's urban versus rural. >> Right? Brexit was London versus the rest of the country. Uh Trump is urban versus rural. And this is the tension that's happening. We're going to see the de the problem with nation states
is they have armies and they like to use them. Uh but over time we're going to see a much more highly granulated u uh determinism that will happen which is good for the world because it'll increase. >> Dave, why don't you take why don't you close us out on Trump here? >> Yeah. The the only surprising thing that I heard from you know Alvin Graen, good friend of the pod. >> You were texting with him last nighting the White House. He's at the UN you know with the delegation. So they agreed to meet again in November which is like you know 100 years from now in singularity time. Um but uh the only thing that surprised me in his notes was you know our agenda is stop US panic. This is we we don't want to slow down and lose to China. We don't want a global we don't want Bernie Sanders to get everybody in the country riled up and then have everything stop. That's our concern. What's your concern China?
Our concern is the CCP existing at all and the great firewall of China being penetrated by AI. Like, oh, I forgot all about Tianaan Square like and and how fragile the entire ecosystem is over there. >> That really surprised me. So then then their actions make a lot more sense if you put it in the context of, oh, they're they're so worried about just existing as a government. >> And then this happened in DC. The United States also totally rejects any attempt to construct a globalist scheme to control for the artificial intelligence being spoken of so much now here and after officially called super intelligence changing the name. >> I I thought I thought for sure he was going to say super duper intelligence >> actually. Yeah. But it's it's interesting, right? So, uh, the US won the race to super intelligence by rebranding it. >> Immod. >> Yeah. I mean, I think it's a great name, you know,
super intelligence. Why not? I'm looking forward to come to Super America eventually. >> I'm still stuck on Lake America. So, >> the Gulf of America. >> I was thinking of what Selene was saying. I think the biggest challenge in the world today is how do we marry collective intelligence with localized wisdom? That's what we're really saying because even even what Dave was saying right now, we have these machines that are collecting our intelligence. They're learning and they're adapting our systems and there's better ways of operating to replace these. But then you have to have the localization. You need the diversity. You need to have it responding to local needs. And I think you know super intelligence actually a remarkably good way to think about it because a lot of the fears and concerns are about the intelligence that you know it was ASI it was artificial super intelligence having that
differentiated from the intelligence that's helping us dayto-day really differentiates and delineates that because you know what is it 99% perspiration 1% innovation like majority of the AIs that will help us every day are the perspiration AI they're the execution AIs the innovation we still need. We need new materials, new physics, etc. But that's a different set of things and that's not something we're even smart enough, most of us, to be able to use. So, let's have one set of looking at that and let's make sure that the 99% reaches the 99% to uplift everyone. >> Dave, are we going to call it super intelligence from here on out? >> You never tell Donald Trump when he's looking at the teleprompter, you know, he's he's saying something someone wrote, but when he looks down, he's like, did he just make that up once in a while? You can't tell. He did. >> Is there an agenda? I I think if there
is an agenda is to try and deflect the inevitable uh you know wave that's coming from the Bernie Sanders world. If you rebrand it and rename it, you're just a moving target. >> So So that that could be part of the strategy, I think. But >> uh yeah, but the whole the whole goal there is to keep moving at full speed, stay ahead of China, and reduce panic as much as possible. I I am going to say, you know, one of the things I've been very vocal about and I think we need to have in the conversation is yeah, move at full speed, but let's also direct the labs to focus on alignment. Uh because I I think and we're going to talk about that in a little bit. I I think yes, move fast, but let's take resources that you have, you know, point 100,000 agents towards alignment work. Uh See, super intelligence, do you buy in? I mean, you've been asking what the hell that all means in the first place. Yeah,
I mean look, we talk about AGI, first of all, it's not artificial. It's not general. It's not really intelligence. Other than that, I'm good with it. Um, you have the ASI shoe. I think that there there's the whole spectrum of this uh is is problematic. We need somebody to come up with a good name for all of this that's completely different. I've said repeatedly, I think what we're building here is an complimentary mechanism to human intelligence, not replicative. and the narrative keeps thinking it's replicative and then you end up with the Matrix Skynet, you know, and the robot overlords come and take over the world. We're so geared for that. Um, the first article, we did some research on this. The first article that ever appeared that we could find that said robots or AI will take all the jobs in 5 years appeared in 1964. >> Yeah. Okay. This is that we get stuck on these tropes and we can't
get out of it. Right. It's exactly what Alex mentioned earlier when when uh recording came out. The same thing when the printed book emerged. It's that people said it would destroy people's brains. So we get stuck on these. >> Depends what book you read. >> Yeah. And this is I think why Peter the work you're doing is so important is is we have the opportunity. We are actually reaching abundance. All the data shows that our narratives just sadly lack very far behind. I think this is what you've done with this whole um the X-P prize for creating a positive vision of the future is one of the most important things that's happened in maybe a hundred years in the world. Shift the world towards positive things. >> Thank you. >> Uh Alex, close us out on this one. You love neols and I love the ones you create. Super intelligence. Are you going to call it that from here on out? >> I already do. I have
a company that I started called physical super intelligence. It's in the name. >> Always ahead of the curve, ladies and gentlemen. Yeah, I'm I'm a big fan of the name super intelligence as opposed to AGI. Maybe for different reasons. What I like about the name and and Nick Bostonramm's term super intelligence is it emphasizes that it's simply more intelligence and it in some sense I think demystifies AGI or some of these other terms. We're going to live to the extent we don't already in a world with the cognitive equivalent of many trillions of human beings. an earth, a solar system with the equivalent population of many trillions of people. And I think that's a better cognitive frame to think about what would a solar system filled with trillions of humans look like? What would it look like economically, socially, scientifically? Super intelligence, I think, as a term conotes that in a way
that AGI doesn't. So, I'm a big fan. >> Nice. Well, as soon as we renamed it super intelligence, Bernie Sanders said we should make it illegal. We should ban it. Let's watch this video. I hope very much that they will sit down and begin the process of negotiating a comprehensive treaty to establish a pause on advanced AI and a ban on AI super intelligence. >> All right. So, uh so three key elements in in Bernie's plan here. First, a permanent ban on developing artificial super intelligence defined as AI that exceeds human cognitive ability across most domains. Second, an immediate pause on advanced AI development until a new regulatory uh system is written into rules. Third, a new cabinet level uh department of AI. And get this, the penalties are corporate death. There's a corporate death penalty that your company is off. shut down and for the individuals 20 years in federal prison uh which
is modeled after the illegal nuclear weapons. Uh so >> h interesting. I mean this is fear-mongering at its best. Uh Dave, you want to so many real problems that need to be solved that just hate this idea that we're going to turn this into a do or don't argument which is utterly insane. Also, the way liability law works in the US, you know, it's very easy to scare people into not doing anything. You know, if you're afraid of 20 years of prison, you don't you don't even know what the rule is. They haven't even proposed a rule yet. The the fear of of being, you know, beheaded in the street is very real. So, then people stop acting. That's the worst thing that could possibly come out of this. And I I think, you know, Bernie is from Vermont. I love Vermont. Spend more time in Vermont than any other state. And it's beautiful because not much has been done, >> you know, and so I think this perspective
is going to be more European like like when in doubt, do nothing is going to be the the default behavior. And that's so toxic. I mean, if you do nothing, very very bad things are going to happen. Like the things you should be worried about like terrorists using AI to build bioweapons or China getting miles ahead of the US. Those are the real things to worry about. and you're if you're not acting and like turning it into a political leftright battle, it's the stupidest thing that could happen right now. We need very specific technical solutions to open source to monitoring to te just like with nuclear power. And if we get moving on those, we can solve them very easily in time for for ASI. If we just turn it into a political debate and we're frozen and people don't know what to do >> into SI Alex, your thoughts here. >> I think >> you you voted for Bernie, I assume, right? >> I'm I'm I'm not
a Vermont voter. >> Okay. >> For for better or for worse. I think putting a stat I mean on the one hand here we are in the land of Hollywood and every Hollywood movie needs a villain. Yes. >> And I I think the singularity story in Hollywood has found one now. I I think putting a statutory cap on intelligence, aside from being a terrible idea, is an evil idea. I I think it's tantamount to capping human intelligence. This is the the story of dystopias in science fiction. >> Burn the books. >> Burn the books and burn the minds. >> And I I think putting a statutory cap on because we're going to be merging with the machines. It's effectively a cap on individual human intelligence. I I think penalizing people for being too smart is a terrible idea. It's an evil idea. And I think history will come to reflect that proposing a cap in whatever form on intelligence, whether it's machine or human or
human machine hybrid, is basically the equivalent of communism in the 21st century. >> Wow. I'll tell you the the one thing to me that's most dangerous in the Bernie sentences there a lot a lot of it can be reversed in short order but the data center part of it if your state doesn't have data centers and they start getting built all in other states they're not coming back you know once the ground is broken the chips are there the investments made that's the part you'll never get back and that's going to be such a massive driver of the economies and the states that get ahead that's the part I think that they're really going to regret in the in the burning statements. >> Quick thoughts. >> Uh two things. When you look at this whole narrative, it's interesting to me to ask the following question. What evidence on either side would have somebody change their minds, right? If you think ASI is
bad, then you're like your narrative stuck. There's nothing we can do to show you that it's not bad. And same with the other side. It's hard. It's very tough to change narratives in our world. The really good news in all of this, I think it the she summit, the Bernie stuff, it's completely irrelevant. None of it matters. And I think Dave pointed this out. The minute you have local weights available and people can run their own models at a local level, the world is going to move ahead. It doesn't matter what any single person does now, it's just going to trundle forward, which is great. Um, we've always had this huge uh humanity trundling forward, solving problems. I mean, we will likely solve cancer in the next 2 years. >> That is just an unbelievably optimistic thing to aim for. Why would you want to slow that down? >> I might as the foreigner on this on this diet, what are your thoughts?
>> Hey, what am I? Chopped liver. >> You're a New Yorker. You're just Canadian. I'm just Canadian. >> You're a New Yorker. So, we give it up. >> You know, we did Brexit to get away from regulations, right? Um, but I think the real thing here is this is like a few decades ago when the US government tried to ban encryption and basically it was shown that that's a free speech thing because you're trying to ban math. ASI super intelligence is mathematics and it's unconstitutional to ban it >> because it's free speech. >> Yeah. >> All right. I'm going to move us forward. So, uh, in the last uh, 22 days, we've had 12 major model releases. four releases in the last five days, right? Like we're averaging like sub a release every two days, which is insane. >> Almost Alex says one model a day. >> One model per day by the end of this year. >> Yeah. >> So, uh let's do a quick chat on on Claude Opus 4
5.5, uh GPT Saul, uh GPT6 Saul, Luna, and uh we can skip Grock 4.7 for the second. Um, not that exciting. Sorry, Elon. Uh, but let's begin with the MetaMuse news. So, Metam Muse uh can personally book your flights, order your food, manage your calendar, do your shopping, and it hit number one on the app store with 2.8 million downloads, right? The fastest consumer AI product, surpassing even chat GPT when it came out. Y and interestingly enough, right, people forget that Meta touches 3.8 billion people on the planet and that's one of the massive distinguishers. If you have that level of connectivity to an end customer, you can push your product quickly. >> Yeah, >> Dave. >> Yeah, I know there's a fork in the road now where you have consumer AI which is insanely valuable. I mean, will completely replace search and all the other ways you interact with the internet. Um and then on the other
end you have uh you know recursively self-improving strong AI which we just benchmarked the hell out of. So so those two things now right now what's the coolest model? We're used to saying oh Opus 5.5 just crushed all the benchmarks. It's the coolest model. Well that's distinct from what Metamuse is doing which is it doesn't have to be the most intelligent model to be the most useful in terms of your day-to-day life. And so the stocks like including Eper quote where I'm the chairman went down 15% on backtoback days because everybody's like, "Oh my god, I'm gonna always find my auto insurance and my mortgage through Metamus." >> Interesting. >> Which is it's not going to actually play out that way. But but that's that reaction was incredible. Like so everyone's starting to visualize, wait, is Google search going to become completely irrelevant? This Metamuse thing just looks like my my co-pilot
for life. And that that definitely is going to happen. It's fascinating to see the way the labs are leaprogging each other. A quick thought on this, Alex, before I go to Opus 5.5. >> Meta needs Muse to work. And I think it's even in the name. If you look at Muse on the one hand, and you look at Manus, the attempted Meta acquisition of the Chinese CUA, which the Chinese government forced Meta to unwind, >> this is Meta's primary distribution play to leverage its existing distribution channels. If you look at Instagram, Meta is using Instagram to the hilt to cross-promote Muse. Get everyone to install Muse because Meta needs a distribution play for its AI. Otherwise, Meta risks oblivion, irrelevance in the future, Instagram, the the family of apps, Instagram, etc. simply won't be as relevant because it'll all be synthetic. So, Meta needs to leverage its existing app, Beach Head, to get everyone
onto their own CUA, which is Muse/manus. >> All right. So this week we saw Claude Opus 5.5 deliver performance equivalent to Fable 5.1 at literally half the price. Let's get the chart up there. Uh and you know I switched over Skippy to Opus 5.5. I want to save some money too. >> Uh performance on this Emod. What are your thoughts on it? >> It's a fantastic model. >> Isn't it incredible? >> Yeah. I mean Opus 5 Opus 5 I thought was going to kill us all. It was completely unhinged and 5.5 is a genuinely pleasant model to use that has a massive internal space of knowledge and understanding of taste which is the first thing I would say this is the first truly competent model and that's what drives muse and things like that we have the arrival of competent AI as of now >> and it's such a joy to when when you put a visual interface on top of anything you vibe up now it not only does it show you
mockups before you actually commit to building it it then builds exactly what it proposed in the visuals. So like the visual understanding is so much better than it was uh just what four months ago >> 4 days ago. >> So then really really incredible. So so the the experience though of knowing what it's doing because you put an interface on it and then interacting with it and feeling like you're inside it. It's like night and day different from just yeah 4 days ago. If you haven't tried it yet, just upgrade all your your systems. Uh it's a mouse click away. is just mind-blowing how much better it is. >> Alex, quick thought on on this one. >> I could talk about benchmarks, but I think qualitatively new capabilities are more interesting in this instance. So, what I'm seeing that's new out of Opus 5.5 is it can generate videos. They're procedural videos. It can generate animations. They're procedural
animations. It can generate images. They're procedural images. So the elephant in this room, one of the elephants in this room, drink was that open AI has had a video model has an image model. Anthropic is exposing nothing like that. You can't generate pixel-wise a highquality image with anthropic models or a video or audio with anthropic models. You can with open AI's models. Anthropic seems to be taking a very different approach to multimodality and omniodality which is code underlies everything. So now for the first time with Opus 5.5 you can generate a really highquality video that's purely procedurally generated. You can generate an interactive game with textures but there it's not generating the textures pixel-wise. I mean you can ask it to but it's generating it all procedurally. And I I think these are two very different strategies. Anthropic almost if folks remember the distinction
the wars in the early days of computer graphics between vector graphics and raster graphics. Anthropic is playing the vector graphics game where everything is just commands and OpenAI is playing the the raster/pixel basis and I think they're on a collision course and the collision course is going to be robotics because the question is going to be if you need a strongly embodied AI in the physical world is the vector basis the right one or the pixel arrest >> which is our which is going to be our very next story. I love the fact that you know a week after Dario says we got to pause slow down they release their next model. It's the height of it's it's honestly that that is a revealed preference. It's the height of I think hot take. It's the height of hypocrisy to on the one hand say AI is going to kill us all and then out of the other side of your mouth a few days later announce the world's
strongest AI and biolabs and other capab >> and so on the same day that Opus 5.5 gets released we see GPT6 Saul and Astro being released. Uh Dave any thoughts on this one? I mean it's if you look at the price performance it's just absolutely wild. Um I I think there was a big school of thought a year ago, two years ago that hallucinations were going to be a disaster. They'll never go away. You can't use this actually rampant at MIT if you can believe that. Like this hallucination problem will be with us forever. And like everything else, we've just scaled out of it. And you see the the error rate just plummets with pure scale. >> And and I this is the abundance thesis at large, right? The models are getting twice as good, twice as cheap at an accelerating rate. Yeah. Yeah. Eman, have you been playing with this at all? >> Yeah. And I I think again for our test, it's an incredibly competent
model. The models are smart enough now. We need them not to make mistakes. We need them not to drop the ball. And that's exactly where everyone is going. And that's why things like I said like Muse, Instinct, others are going to going to go tremendously well because they can be an amazing PA, chief of staff, organizer, etc. And we all need some competence in our lives. It's so funny as a as an organizer and chief of staff, that's insanely powerful. And you know, anyone who used GPT2, 3, and 4, uh, is used to seeing misinformation coming out of it. But if you were a kid today and you start with GPT5, and six, you're just going to trust it out of the box because it's right 99.9% of the time, which is kind of dangerous because it still does occasionally just give you something factually wrong. >> All right, I'm going to move us into the physical world. uh an important story that we started talking
about is uh something called driving bench. So a group of developers created a new benchmark called driving bench. Uh they took a Toyota Corolla, enabled it with an interface so software could steer, hit the gas, break, and then they asked a generalpurpose AI model to drive through a 130 m cone course uh with one command. drive from here, get to there. Uh, and here's the data. GPT6 Astra finished the entire course 100% on its second try. Right? So, I'm going to read this quote from uh from Boris Power who said, quote, "Incredible results. This should be a nail in the coffin of specialized models that were trained from scratch with a lot of specialized effort versus just training the most powerful generalized model and eventually distilling a small specialized model as needed. So, Alex, you're excited about this one. >> The bitter lesson is bitter indeed. >> Yeah. It's very exciting that I
I think essentially as an elementary school project either now or imminently, this whole notion that you needed separate models for robotics is right out the window. You'll just vibe code a robot. You drop an open frontier model, say Astra, into a robotic body and it will oneshot embodied cognition. And this is I I think probably pretty upsetting to a number of academic computer scientists. >> John Lun. >> Yeah. that that actually decades of computer scientists computer science and robotics probably in with the benefit of hindsight total waste. All we needed was all we needed was a generalist model and it turns out with a generalist model robotics is cooked as well. >> Super intelligence can drive a car. What a surprise. >> I've got total model fatigue. I mean I can't keep up with 5.5 versus five versus Astra. I mean just raise your hand if you have model fatigue. And I just think I mean
it's great. Everything's fantastic. I love the progress. But Jesus, I can't I can't keep. >> You're so tired of winning. It's time to tired of winning. That's a great That's a great point. I mean, you know, one thing that occurred to me, I wonder, we've been doing two episodes a week. Yeah. >> It's like killing us. I wonder if we're the problem. We're we're we're driving so fast. We're positive here and we need to maybe take respons. >> If if we don't report it, it didn't happen. Yeah, those different tools. God, >> you you think if we pause the pod, we pause the singularity. >> I'm I'm I'm just wondering, we could accelerate it, we could slow it down. I think we may be a factor in all of this. >> Oh my god. Emod, what's your take on drive bench? >> I mean, look, it oddly it's generalized intelligence, right? Like it's learning all these things and it's the high competence will reverberate
to biology, to physics, to just about anything. I don't think there's a single specialized model that you can say will outperform in a couple of years time. Yeah, interesting. Dave, close us out on this one. >> Well, I I think both things can be true. Like, a generalized model can drive a car. It's it can build a It can be a robot. It can build a robot. That's absolutely true. A specialized model, like if you said, "Hey, it completed the course on its second try." Elon's going to be like, "Yeah, your Tesla can't do that on a second try. I'm sorry. That that's not going to work for most drivers." But it I think the the thing the thing that's missing in the storyline there is how much compute did you use to do the task? Compute is going to be forever starved from here forward. Chip prices have gone up. Like HBM RAM has gone up 5x in price. It's crazy. But that's because the AI is so incredibly
valuable. People want the compute. And so if you used more compute to do the same task, that's a crime. >> I think this is a really important point that we're shifting the bottleneck now from the models down down the stack to compute and then eventually energy. Energy. >> We're at energy right now. We're we're we're short like 60 gawatts of energy in the next two years. >> Yeah. I'm going to move us to uh a final segment on science which is something we all truly love. So a few stories here. So on Tuesday, Anthropic announced it had built its own life science research group and its own wet labs. Again, the organization saying we should slow down is building wet labs. Okay, great. it and it's reported that Claude working autonomously discovered a previously unknown enzyme. Uh here's how they gave Claude one prompt. Quote, "Search a massive DNA database for interesting reverse transcriptases
and enzymes that copy RNA or DNA. They had 950 clawed agents searching for 21 hours and they found something. They found a DNA repeating pattern very similar to crisper. Uh they've since named it the array associated reverse transcriptase. They don't know exactly what it does yet, but they believe it will be similar to programmable transcriptes uh and gene editing. You know, so Jennifer DNA won the Nobel Prize for discovering crisper along with her co her co-discoverer. Uh I'm curious are we just going to see Nobel Prizewinning work falling on a weekly basis as a result of this Alex? >> That is the point Peter of our book solve everything together that we should expect it and then the natural question is well what is Nobel Prize worthy in an era when you can get a thousand Nobel prizes in one year we we have a century of human progress in a period of a few months. I I suspect Nobel prizes
will be awarded for larger bodies of work. But I I have to again point to the other elephant in the room here, which is the utter hypocrisy of saying AI is going to kill us all and then opening a wet lab and then using the AI, Frontier AI in combination with a wet lab to synthesize proteins and other molecular assemblies of unknown function. I think >> what could possibly go wrong? >> This is I and and I I think this is Frontier Labs. This is the revealed preferences of the Frontier Labs. I think they don't believe their own attempts to do regulatory capture and to form a safety cartel. I think their revealed preference is no actually full steam ahead to AI for solving biology >> and every lab has got a biology effort in focus right now. >> Yeah. Can I just feed the pdoom just for this for a second give people the fodder to go crazy. So uh once we discovered crisper right we knew we found
out that we could edit the human genome as you can as easily as you can edit a word document or edit software right and when you learn a new language you learn how to uh do reading then you do comprehension then we do writing now we've learned how to write to the genome each of us is 50 trillion cells in the human body governed by what the DNA uh tells tells that cell to do meaning a human being is now a software engineering problem right and that really you've seen designer babies coming from China etc. As we merge this with what's potentially possible with AI, the possible benefits go through the roof, the possible downsides go through the go through the roof also. And we are now in full for if you if you were in full Frankenstein mode. So there is some ammunition for all the P doom people, go to town with that. This is how we solve aging. This is how we solve disease. I don't think we
get to the happy future where the top 5,000 diseases have been solved or longevity escape velocity has been durably achieved without super intelligence. So I I for one am a fan of Anthropic and all of the other frontier labs opening their labs because this is how we solve everything. >> Yeah. >> All right. Our last story here is uh a recent release uh by Sam Rodriguez at Edison Scientific and Future House. They put forward what they're calling the millennium. Can we get up on the screen, please? Uh, the Millennium Problems for Biology. Uh, so you know, Alex, you and I wrote and solve everything. Pick your targets, build your harnesses, set up your benchmarks, and go. So, some of the benchmarks here, you know, they're as they're saying, okay, math is not only cook, it's incinerated, >> thoroughly incinerated. >> Let's go after biology, right? They're, you know, some of my favorites here are
Origin of Life, uh, Crier Preservation, um, you know, regrowing ar limbs, uh, you know, EMOD, they missed age reversal on this one. >> They did, and I think it's good, but, you know, let's have a hundred of them and let's chuck a thousand agents at each and open source everything they're doing. >> Yeah, that's what the lab should collaborate on. You know, uh they they said that uh uh their harness here is that these Millennium prizes should be verifiable in a standard wet lab in a couple of days. They should be hard to solve and very easy to check. Dave, >> that's why age reversal probably isn't on the list. >> No, no, no. We we so listen when we set up the uh $101 million health span X- prize originally Peter Teal and uh uh and Aubrey Deg Gray came to me and said let's do a longevity prize and I said I don't know how to do it without a 20 or 30 year time horizon. And then George Church said
forget about longevity measure age reversal. So if you can give someone a treatment and I can measure that you're functionally 20 years younger that's measurable in days. >> Well my daughter is my go-to on this because she's over at Madna. she's a biotech person and and she was like, "Yep, this is the list. It's perfect." So that's that's my two cents on it. Like I think it's just phenomenally cool to put a framework around progress here because like you said, the Nobel Prize is going to become irrelevant. In fact, as of now, it is completely irrelevant. Uh so putting a framework on progress in this area is incredibly important. So this is >> Alex, when we have digital twins for cells, which is I I think the critical path to solving all disease in in my mind, the chronology looks something like this. over the next few years. Just as we've trained large language models off of substantial substantially
all of humanity's behavior on the internet off of text and images, similarly we'll train digital twins of cells of all the cells in our bodies off of huge data sets interventional and otherwise. And then we'll use those perfect digital twins of cells to do exhaustive searches like alphogo tree search type searches of intervention space to discover how to cure a disease. You start from a diseased cell state and you're looking for a creative strategy, a move 37 if you will, to get from the diseased cell state to the healthy cell state. And what's beautiful about the this approach to millennium problems from biology is that, as you say, Peter, these are easy to verify, hard for now to solve problems. And that basically turns every hard biology into a mathematical conjecture and >> and a target, but a mathematical target. So every basically every biology problem with the benefit especially of
these digital twins is just going to become a search problem and that means it's tractable for the first time in history. >> Selm close us out here please. >> Biology is cooked. >> It's true. >> Yeah. >> All right. I'm going to wrap our WTF episode here. Um Immod you're going to be joining us with Kathy uh just after lunch. Thank you very much. Give it up for Immod here.